It's been quite a week. I've been in the media business for decades and I've never before witnessed such lies, exaggeration and outright fraud. All with the intent to force everyone to be vaccinated. The question is why? Let's start with the vaccine itself. The results in Israel prove what a sham, charade and fraud this all is. The U.S. government and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention argue that the vaccine is our only chance to survive. And that people are hospitalized and dying with COVID-19 because they are unvaccinated. Both arguments are pure fraud.  First, are you aware that anyone who dies within 14 days of getting vaccinated is considered "unvaccinated"? No wonder they claim everyone who is dying is unvaccinated. If you die from COVID-19, whether you're vaccinated or unvaccinated, they just call you unvaccinated.  If a businessperson in the private sector tried that scam, they'd spend the next 20 years in prison for fraud.  The CDC has also been using stats of COVID-19 deaths going back to January to make the claim that the deaths are almost exclusively among the unvaccinated. That's because earlier in the year almost everyone was unvaccinated. That's called rigging the numbers. The CDC must be using the same Democrats who rigged and stole the 2020 election.  Worst of all, the media has blacked out the developing disaster in Israel. Israel is the most vaccinated country in the world. They all got the Pfizer vaccine. At first, deaths and hospitalizations went to almost zero. Israel declared victory over COVID-19.  But everything changed. Today a massive COVID-19 outbreak has engulfed vaccinated Israel. Hospitals are full. People are dying. At this moment, Israel, the most vaccinated nation in the world, has more COVID-19 infections per capita than any country in the world.  At this moment, 0.2% of the entire population of Israel is catching COVID-19 each day.  This past week was the worst week for COVID-19 in Israel EVER. Israel is setting records for vaccinated people in the hospital. Deaths are skyrocketing.  It's so bad, no-mask, no-lockdown Sweden has just banned travelers from Israel. Many EU countries are following suit.  The vaccine isn't just failing, it's a spectacular fail. It wore off. It no longer works. And just as my holistic doctor friends predicted, it makes the next wave far worse. These doctors say vaccinated people are far more contagious; they carry heavier viral loads and are far more susceptible to getting severe illness than someone with "natural immunity."  This experiment with an "experimental, emergency-use-only" vaccine is a great big failure. A dangerous and deadly failure.  But at this very moment, Biden, the CDC and the U.S. media are pushing the vaccine, vaccine mandates and vaccine passports harder than ever. The question is why?  Why is forcing every American to get vaccinated so important at the exact moment Israel proves the vaccine they're pushing is a dramatic, dangerous and deadly failure?  And it's not just Israel. In the UK, a majority of the COVID-19 deaths last month were among vaccinated people. And the UK death rate from COVID-19 today is dramatically higher than a year ago -- when there was no vaccine.  Separate from all that, the VAERS vaccine reporting system reports the vaccine itself is causing tremendous rates of death and crippling injuries. So, vaccinated Americans are dying and becoming severely sick from the vaccine, in addition to dying and becoming severely sick from COVID-19 after getting the vaccine.  And none of this is featured in the news. It's a total media blackout.  Worse yet, the same government, CDC and media are trying desperately to denigrate and slander the drug that is most successful in treating COVID-19. It's called ivermectin. In my next column, I'll show you conclusive proof from around the world that ivermectin is miraculously effective versus COVID-19.  Something is very wrong. It sure seems like someone is scared you might actually recover from COVID-19, doesn't it?

This week has been eye-opening. Even for me -- and I'm the guy who has warned for over a year, in commentary after commentary, and often for three hours a day on my nationally syndicated radio show, that the COVID-19 vaccine could be dangerous and deadly and could lead to catastrophe. I stuck my neck out like no other talk show host in America to warn the vaccine may not even prevent illness; in fact, it could damage the immune system, thereby causing more illness and death. And not just from COVID-19, but also injuries and death linked to the COVID-19 vaccine itself.Eight months ago, I warned it was time to suspend the vaccine program pending an investigation of mounting deaths, grievous injuries and permanent disabilities. I titled my commentary, "What if This Experimental COVID Shot Is Killing People? Don't Americans Have a Right To Know?"Four months ago, I was courageous enough to scold New York Times medical reporters about the unfolding disaster that they have ignored. I titled my commentary, "What I Just Told the New York Times About the Complete Failure and Disaster of the COVID-19 Vaccine."Three months ago, I was the first to warn that Americans were dropping in record numbers of heart attacks, strokes and blood clots. I titled my commentary, "If the Vaccine Is So Great, Why Are So Many People Dropping Dead?"But even I was shocked by the plethora of stories coming out just in the past week, from all corners of the world, suggesting the vaccines are indeed a terrible failure and are causing a mass die-off.Here is a quick look at the FACTS that have come pouring out of the closet just in the past week:Israel is the most vaccinated major nation in the world. Almost the entire population is quadruple vaccinated. Yet right now Israel is No. 1 in the world for COVID-19 infections. Over one half of 1% of their entire population is testing positive for COVID-19 PER DAY. In Germany, the most draconian COVID-19 mandates and restrictions in the world were sold to the public with false data. Just like in America, the German government labeled this a "pandemic of the unvaccinated." They claimed up to 90% of the infected and dead were unvaccinated. Newspaper investigations have found that none of this was true. The government simply classified every sick or dying person as "unvaccinated." Government officials are apologizing, blaming the "mistake" on a "software error."In Alberta, Canada, the government published, then quickly deleted health data exposing that almost 60% of the COVID-19 victims classified as "unvaccinated" were actually among the vaccinated. It turns out everyone who got sick, was hospitalized or died within two weeks of getting any vaccine (the first jab, or second, or third) was counted as "unvaccinated."I'll bet you didn't know the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention play the exact same trick here in the USA. They know most of the COVID-19 deaths and injuries, not to mention deaths from the vaccine itself (mostly heart attacks) will occur within 14 days of any jab. So, everyone that gets sick or dies in that period is counted as "unvaccinated." The most perfect control group ever is the U.S. military. Every young soldier got the COVID-19 vaccine in the past year. To follow the results is the very definition of SCIENCE. Military whistleblowers have come forward with Department of Defense medical data showing since the start of the vaccine program cancer is up about 300% among military members; female infertility is up 500%; miscarriages are up by 300%; and there was an astronomical 1000% increase in neurological disorders from 82,000 to 863,000 in one year.These are young men and women who were in perfect health ... until the vaccines. It appears the vaccines are literally crippling our national defense.One more control group of formerly healthy young men and women: FIFA soccer players in the EU. Deaths from cardiac arrest increased by 500% in 2021. An astounding 183 professional athletes and coaches collapsed "suddenly" in 2021. Worst of all is the news from the CDC that non-COVID-19 deaths in the age range of 18 to 49 increased by 40% in the past year. No one has ever seen anything like this. Why are working-age Americans dying in record numbers? Only one thing changed in 2021: vaccine mandates at the workplace. The real story these numbers tell is we are experiencing a "pandemic of the vaccinated." I believe the vaccine is doing catastrophic damage, but governments, politicians and bureaucrats the world over have falsely labeled vaccinated people who are sick and dying as "unvaccinated." And the media covers up the truth like it's Hunter Biden's laptop.This is the greatest scam in world history. It would make Bernie Madoff blush.

Yes, it's true. I beat COVID-19 in 48 hours with ivermectin. Before I get to that story, I have more news guaranteed to make liberals' heads explode.I was married last week. That has to enrage liberals. The Left hates marriage. But they really hate it when a man who knows he's a man marries a feminine woman who knows she's a woman. I married the stunning, beautiful, sexy, Cindy Parker.This was truly a Republican wedding.My new wife is on the Board of Directors of many Republican organizations in Nevada. We had a large wedding with 200 guests from all over the USA -- almost all Republicans, conservatives and patriots. I remarked to the crowd, "There are so many Republican politicians in this room, we could hold a Republican National Committee meeting right here."I opened the wedding by asking all the military veterans and law enforcement in the room to stand up. My guests gave them a standing ovation.There were no masks. I'm guessing most of the crowd was unvaccinated. We were guarded by former Navy SEALs from the finest security firm in Las Vegas.If liberals' heads haven't exploded just yet, here's the clincher. The highlight of our wedding was former Fox News host and bestselling author Rita Cosby reading a personal, handwritten letter from former President Donald Trump celebrating our wedding.Want to watch liberals' heads triple explode? Here's the best story yet. I was healthy and strong at my wedding because of ivermectin.I caught COVID-19 for the first time a few weeks ago.I beat COVID-19 in 48 hours with ivermectin and massive doses of vitamins -- including intravenous vitamin C.But ivermectin is truly a miracle drug. I had COVID-19 for a day when I decided to take ivermectin. From that point on, COVID-19 was gone in 24 hours. Yes, ivermectin and vitamins turned the dangerous, deadly, run-for-your-life, lock-down-the-economy, mask-up-for-life, vaccinate-or-die COVID-19 into a minor common cold. And then it was gone in 24 hours.Ivermectin made my COVID-19 bout so mild, I never missed a day of work. Yes, I hosted my three-hour national radio show every day, with COVID-19 -- and no one noticed.Wait, it gets better. My book, "The Great Patriot Protest & Boycott Book," is out and I was on a book tour promoting the book. I was a guest (over the phone) on over 20 radio shows that week, with COVID-19 -- and no one noticed.And I appeared on multiple national television shows (via Zoom or Skype) that week to promote my book, with COVID-19 -- and no one noticed.Ivermectin and megadoses of vitamins turned deadly COVID-19 into a minor cold that never slowed me one bit. No one could even tell I was sick.But lest you think I got a mild case: not true. On the first day of COVID-19, I had fever, chills, a bad cough, mucus filling my lungs, awful pain in every muscle of my body, terrible exhaustion, and I lost my sense of taste. Sound familiar? It's every symptom of COVID-19. I took two COVID-19 tests just to be certain. I tested positive twice.One day of ivermectin and it was gone. No one ever knew. Until now.My treatment was pretty much exactly the same as Joe Rogan and NFL quarterback Aaron Rodgers. Ivermectin plus megadoses of vitamins. The outcomes were the same, too.Ivermectin works like magic. It's inexpensive. I never experienced any side effects. I thank God for ivermectin and megadoses of vitamins C and D3, zinc, quercetin, selenium, lysine, melatonin, garlic, liquid silver and probiotics.No one has to fear COVID-19. No one needs to be forced to take a dangerous, experimental vaccine. No one ever has to choose between the vaccine or their job ever again. We have a miracle drug and a wonderful vitamin regimen that works fantastically against COVID-19.I'm Exhibit A.Hey, liberals, are you listening? Have your heads exploded yet?Ivermectin worked for me -- cheaply and with no side effects. India used it to make the worst COVID-19 outbreak in the world disappear almost overnight. So did Mexico City. So did Japan. So, why are President Joe Biden, the Democratic Party, Dr. Anthony Fauci, and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention trying to hide the truth?I believe ivermectin could save millions of Americans from COVID-19. Ivermectin can save our economy. Ivermectin can save millions of jobs. Ivermectin could save trillions of dollars in costs from missed work, vaccines, hospitalizations and death.I beat COVID-19 in 48 hours with ivermectin plus vitamins. No one has to die from COVID-19. I'm playing the role of Paul Revere. "The ivermectin is coming, the ivermectin is coming." I want the whole world to know.

The COVID-19 vaccines appear to be causing a global health disaster. There are so many warnings from all around the world. I'll list just a few in this column. But the U.S. media remains silent. They're as quiet as a church mouse. Why?Japan's Ministry of Health just announced that "the Moderna and Pfizer Covid vaccines could cause heart-related side effects in younger males." Health experts in Japan have witnessed skyrocketing rates of myocarditis and pericarditis in young men and teenagers. And they've seen the same nonstop heart issues with middle-aged and older individuals.All over America, and all over the world, cardiac arrest, heart inflammation and heart attack deaths are exploding. Young athletes are dropping right on the field; star soccer players in Europe are dropping dead in the middle of games; referees, coaches and even fans in the stands are having cardiac emergencies. It's something no one has ever seen before. It's an epidemic.What do all these victims have in common? They've all been vaccinated.In America, the media is filled with reports of hospital emergency rooms and intensive care units overwhelmed with seriously ill patients. From coast to coast, there are so many sick people lined up that there aren't enough beds or nurses. Sick patients are lying on gurneys along the hallways. Doctors and medical experts call it a "mystery" why so many Americans are sick. They can't understand what's happening.But I can solve the mystery. I believe that these are COVID-19 vaccine-related injuries overwhelming ERs and ICUs. The very illnesses that are most prevalent in this mysterious health emergency -- heart attack deaths, cardiac arrest, strokes, blood clots, multiple organ failure -- are all the same COVID-19 vaccine side effects listed in the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS).What a coincidence.But it's not just in the USA. It's happening everywhere. In the U.K., the Evening Standard newspaper reports up to 300,000 British citizens are facing sudden heart related illness and cardiac arrest.U.K. medical experts are blaming PPSD -- "post-pandemic stress disorder." Three hundred thousand Brits aren't dying and crippled from the vaccine. Of course not. They're all nuts. It's all in their heads.These brainwashed Kool-Aid drinkers can't see what's right in front of their faces. Or perhaps doctors, scientists and researchers are too afraid of losing their medical licenses, or losing multimillion-dollar government grants, to speak up.In the case of the media, it's all about greed. Big Pharma buys a large proportion of the ads on every TV news network in America. Offend Big Pharma with stories of vaccine deaths and injuries, and the media could lose billions of dollars in revenue. Half the newsroom could be fired.Not to mention stock prices would collapse in these media companies. There go the retirement accounts of Lester Holt, Don Lemon, Sean Hannity and Rachel Maddow. So, the truth is hard to come by.What's the truth? All anyone with a shred of credibility, morality and decency have to look at are a few key factors.First, the Food and Drug Administration has reportedly requested 75 years to fully release the Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine data. If I told you to "Trust me, I'm selling the world's best health tonic, but I can't disclose any of the test results or ingredients for 75 years, until everyone asking is dead," would you trust me? Would you buy what I was selling? Would you inject it into your body?Second, a federal judge demanded some of that data be released immediately by Pfizer. Just in the first few pages, detailing results from just the first few weeks of vaccines, Pfizer admits in their own data that their vaccine was linked to fatal outcomes for 1,223 Americans and produced 42,086 reports of adverse effects. Among the most prominent adverse effects were heart attacks and heart problems.Third, the VAERS system is reporting a number of adverse effects possibly linked to the vaccines -- including tens of thousands of hospitalizations, crippling injuries and permanent disabilities. That's just in America. The EU numbers are even higher.Now let me let you in on a terrible secret. My insider health care sources are reporting so many victims are filing reports with VAERS that the system is hopelessly overwhelmed and backed up. There may be 20,000 or 40,000 or 60,000 more deaths waiting to be processed into the VAERS system. They tell me the numbers are staggering.Now you know why hospital ERs and ICUs are overwhelmed with people who are seriously ill.So, my question is, shouldn't someone be investigating this escalating health disaster? Shouldn't someone in the media be reporting on this unimaginable tragedy? Should politicians be protecting us?One thing I know: Something very bad and very evil is happening.

Back in the 1980s, I was a Columbia University student learning about a plan to destroy America and end capitalism. It was called Cloward-Piven -- named after a Columbia University husband-and-wife professor team. Their insane goal was to turn America into a socialist, communist hellhole.They planned to do it by overwhelming and collapsing the U.S. economy with massive debt, created by getting as many Americans as possible to depend on welfare, food stamps and unemployment benefits. In the ensuing economic catastrophe and collapse of our country, every business owner would get on their knees to beg government to save them.At that moment of crisis and chaos, we would become a socialist, communist country.Don't look now, but it's happening. The communists of Columbia (and every other elitist Ivy League school) have tried for decades to force a majority of Americans to rely on welfare benefits. They failed. But they won't give up. They've modified the plan. It's now a powerful one-two punch.First, they've opened the borders to let millions of migrants and refugees into this country -- almost all of whom want cradle-to-grave welfare. Also, don't forget they all need free health care for themselves and their kids, and their new babies, and their extended families. That alone could overwhelm the system and collapse the economy. That's before welfare and food stamps. And then there's free public school for all their children and expensive English-as-a-second-language programs that cost billions of dollars but make teachers unions filthy rich.Open borders is Cloward-Piven strategy updated for 2021. And as the greatest bonus ever, Democrats know these millions of foreigners will loyally vote for the party who lets them in and then promises to give them the biggest welfare checks. These are lifetime Democrat voters.But there is now a powerful Part Deux to Cloward-Piven. Democrats aren't content to just welcome tens of millions of foreign welfare addicts into the USA. They want to make tens of millions of American-born citizens unemployed and dependent on government too.So, Part Deux of Cloward-Piven is the vaccine mandates.These COVID-19 vaccine mandates are destroying the country, creating chaos, crisis and division. They are wiping out the ranks of the police, fire, paramedics, nurses, prison guards, border patrol and military. Our middle class is being ripped to shreds. These frontline heroes and defenders don't want this dangerous, experimental, for-emergency-use-only jab. There will soon be no one to answer your 911 call. The police will be defunded -- without voters ever getting a vote.The military will be left weak and crippled. Wanna bet China is directing this plan? We all know China owns Biden and his family. Biden is serving up the country on a platter to China.The vaccine mandates also make the supply chain problems much worse. Truck drivers don't want the jab. They're quitting in droves. Jet pilots don't want the jab. They're on strike now -- ask Southwest and American Airlines why thousands of flights were grounded recently. If these pilots are fired, the tourism industry will be devastated. Shipping cargo by air will be devastated. Without pilots and truckers, food and supplies won't make it to stores. Shelves will be empty -- just like the old communist Soviet Union. Coincidence?Like I said, this is a communist takeover of the USA. Empty shelves are the hallmark of communism.And then there's the economy. If vaccine passports are mandated, restaurants, bars, nightclubs and retail stores will be crushed. Doubt me? Scotland's Hotel Association just announced a 40% drop in business from the vaccine passport. New York City's restaurants have announced the same size drop in business.Without the spending of tens of millions of my fellow Americans who choose to be unvaccinated, businesses will close by the millions. The economy will collapse.This is Cloward-Piven. It's real. It's happening. Democrats are purposely destroying and collapsing the economy. They're defunding the American middle class.It's time to fight back HARD. It's time to stop turning the other cheek. My new bestselling book, "The Great Patriot Protest and Boycott Book," lays out the only possible strategy for conservative patriots -- CIVIL DISOBEDIENCE, the strategy of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. We have to hit these socialist, communist traitors and madmen squarely where it hurts -- in the pocketbook -- with national protests, strikes, boycotts and acts of civil disobedience. We must bankrupt them and bring them to their knees begging for forgiveness. Two can play at this game.The choice is clear: We either resist, or we lose America, our jobs, our careers, our middle-class quality of life, our health and everything that made America great. It's time to fight like animals, fight like it's the end of America, fight like our lives and the lives of our children are at stake ...Because they are.

So you got the vaccine because they told you to get it — or they forced you to get it — because as Joe Biden himself explained, it was your patriotic duty to get it to protect yourself and others. Good people do that.  The only way we can stop the spread of this virus and return to normal life is by taking the vaccines. If you get the shot, you can have hotdogs on the Fourth of July. Remember when he told you that? So you’d got the shot.  Now — surprise, surprise — they’re demanding that even after you got the shot, you wear a mask again, even when you’re outside. What’s going on here? Why are they doing this? There must be some reason for it. We’ve been wondering about it all week. Yesterday we asked the CDC to explain the reasoning behind it. They couldn’t tell us. Today they did. What an explanation. It turns out that the COVID vaccines — those wonder drugs that were absolutely perfect, more impressive than the moon landing, the drugs you were not allowed to question in any way — don’t actually work in the way they told us they did. The science is more complicated than we thought.  There’s still an awful lot we don’t know. These are, after all, experimental drugs, and they’re behaving like it. The bottom line is that a huge number of vaccinated people are getting COVID, and some of them are getting very sick, even dying. That’s true around the world: it’s true in Iceland, Gibraltar, Israel — small countries with high vaccination rates have seen big spikes in COVID cases — and it’s every bit as true here in the United States. According to the CDC today, fully three-quarters of the people infected in a recent outbreak, for example, in Massachusetts had already been vaccinated. The CDC announced vaccinated people can carry the virus with them, and they can easily spread the virus to others. As the CDC conceded, "Breakthrough infections may be as transmissible as unvaccinated cases." Ok. So now we learn that virtually everything they told us about the COVID vaccine was wrong. Looks like we were right to ask questions. Keep in mind that if you’d written any of what we just said on Facebook yesterday, you would have been censored immediately for misinformation, if not for a hate crime. Yet now, it’s the official finding of the U.S. government. Surprised? You shouldn’t be surprised. Science is like that. It can change quickly. It is never really settled, despite what they tell you. If the Biden administration had just admitted that from the beginning, we’d be better off now. Most Americans understand that medicine is complicated. Even great medicines, chemotherapy, for example, don’t always work. And you don’t know when they’re not going to work, because there’s a lot you don’t know. Most people can live with honest uncertainty. They can handle the truth. What they can’t handle is being lied to relentlessly by their leaders and then shamed if they ask questions.  That’s exactly what’s been happening. You remember just a few weeks ago — July 8 — that Tony Fauci himself was asked directly by a reporter whether the vaccine would work against the new delta variant of COVID. The honest answer would have been, "we’re not sure," or "we hope it does." But Fauci is a liar, so that’s not what he said. Instead, as usual, he pretended to know what he doesn’t know and could not know. "The answer," Fauci replied, "is yes, it does." Fauci said that on the record, and he said it more or than once. They all said it. Again, and again, and again. And they shouted at you if you asked a follow-up question. You’d think they would be apologizing now, or at least explaining how they got it so completely wrong. But they’re not doing that. That would require humility. It might force them, perhaps, to relinquish some of the immense power they have gathered over the last 18 months. No chance. What they’re doing instead is blaming you for the whole thing. They’re punishing the country for the disaster they made. It’s your fault. The White House announced a new round of crushing lockdowns may be on the way: PETER DOOCY: If scientists come to you at some point down the line and say it is our opinion that there should be shutdowns and there should be school closures, you would do that? KARINE JEAN PIERRE:  Well we listen to - like I said, we listen to the CDC and the expert and their guidance are, you know, the CDC is a body that is very well respected. And we follow again, we follow their guidance. Joe Biden, leaving in a helicopter from the White House lawn said the same thing. "Yup, new lockdowns could be coming."COVID 'hypocrite' Nancy Pelosi already breaks her own policyVideo"The CDC is a body that is well-respected," mutters the flack, as if repetition makes it true. Respected by whom? How many times do you have to get it wrong before people stop respecting you or believing? Is there any limit on that? And while we’re at it, why are lockdowns the obvious response to a failing vaccine? Who thought that up? What’s the justification for it? Doesn’t seem to be much. Look at the data from the U.K. -- a country that has vaccination rates similar to ours.  In Britain, authorities saw a big spike in cases of the so-called "delta variant" a month ago. But the British government didn't reinstitute lockdowns. They didn't force a new mask mandate. What happened next? COVID cases and deaths in the U.K. plummeted.  So the question is: why does the U.S. need more lockdowns? Why the forced masking? Masks are of limited medical value, as the authorities once told us. They clearly hurt kids. They obviously damage society. You can’t breathe when you wear one. Yet the Biden administration is now requiring masks. The surgeon general even demanded that vaccinated people wear masks outside: MSNBC DR. VIVEK MURTHY, US SURGEON GENERAL: If you happen to have a lot of interaction with folks who are unvaccinated, let's say you’re a parent like me who has young children at home who are not vaccinated, that’s a circumstance where we’re being extra cautious and wearing that mask even if you’re fully vaccinated, wearing it outside, when you’re in indoor public locations, is an extra step to protecting those at home.We’re not even going to repeat for you for the third right in a row the actual data on the question of COVID and young people. Are your small children at risk of dying from COVID? No. Not unless they have a profoundly dangerous preexisting condition like Leukemia. In which case, beware. Otherwise, they’ll be fine. That’s what the numbers say.And yet, there’s the Surgeon General, whatever that is, telling you to wear a mask outside with your kids. This is crazy. Let’s just say it out loud. Even the people enforcing the rules, demanding that you change your life, that you put your life on hold, don’t actually believe the rules they’re imposing on you. Nancy Pelosi just called for the arrest of anyone who doesn't wear a mask in the Capitol, yet she just asked to take off masks to wear a photo. PELOSI: Can we take off our masks just for the photo? Would that be allowed? (all masks comes off)Oh, so when masks are inconvenient for you, you get to take them off. Like when you’re flying in a private plane to Washington or when you want a picture that shows your face. But anyone else that takes them off gets arrested. And they’re doubling down and tripling down. Congressional Democrats are now calling for a vaccinate mandate in Congress. That means everyone in the building — members and staffers — would be required to get a shot the CDC told us today apparently doesn’t work very well, and by the way, whose long-term effects can’t be known. But they’re telling you they must get it. You must get it. Your kids must get it in order to return to school. The question is really: How long are Americans going to put up with this? What happens when large groups of people start to resist these mandates, as inevitably they will, because they’re too unreasonable, too irrational, and not rooted in science? They’re pushing us toward something awful. Maybe that’s the point of threatening to arrest people who won’t wear masks at the Capitol. Once they’ve done that, what will they do next, call out the National Guard?That’d be fine with the media, apparently. Journalists are doing everything they can to convince you that emergency measures are necessary -- civil rights should be suspended, in the case of COVID. They're even lying to make that point. In Kansas City, for example, NBC affiliate KSHB posted a disturbing report this week.  "Children's Mercy Hospital is operating to capacity, not only because of COVID-19 cases among youths who aren't eligible to be vaccinated, but also due to ending mask policies." That was a report.Oh, wow, really? When you get rid of mask policies and you don’t make 3-year-olds get the vaccine, your hospitals fill up and millions die. The ICUs are flooded again -- all because of children and people who aren't wearing their masks because they believe in QAnon or they’re racist. That’s what they’re telling you. And not just in Kansas City, everywhere. But is it true? In this case, it’s not. Children's Mercy Hospital said it had no idea what the local news media was talking about. Tucker Carlson: Coronavirus lockdowns had 'greater costs than we ever imagined' Video"We continue to be able to meet the needs of our patients requiring hospitalization," Children's Mercy wrote in a statement. "The increase in children we are treating as in-patients is mainly due to respiratory illnesses" -- ones that are unrelated to COVID. In other words, no, in Kansas City, the hospitals are not flooded with QAnon believers who refuse to wear their masks. They lied about that. Why would they be lying about that? What is all of this about? At the very moment we discovered they had been telling us something that was not true about the CDC, they redouble their efforts to make you believe what all of us know is false. This is what one "vaccine expert" at the University of Maryland -- Kathleen Nuezil -- spelled it out. Here's what she just told The Washington Post.  "We really need to shift toward a goal of preventing serious disease and disability and medical consequences, and not worry about every virus detected in somebody’s nose," Neuzil said. "It’s hard to do, but I think we have to become comfortable with coronavirus not going away." "We have to become comfortable with the coronavirus not going away." What does that mean exactly?

I Am A Living Proof That COVID-19 Is Fake This is my unfiltered take of why I think the COVID-19 virus is fake or it doesn’t exist. Since March 11, 2020 until now in October 13, 2021 at the time of this writing: I’m still living like it’s still 2019 (pre-pandemic) I haven’t been social distancing at all I only wear a face mask if someone forces me Other than that I go inside buildings not wearing a mask! XD I’m not vaccinated with COVID-19 vaccine and not planning to Yet I did not infect anybody I’m barely sick If this was a killer virus I would have died long time ago I observed that wearing a face mask is pointless, because the positive cases are still surging. I observed that getting vaccinated is unnecessary, because the positive cases are still surging. Even with all the scare related to COVID-19 still going on, at the end of the day, we can still go back to our soft cushy beds and relax the night away. If you think really hard about it; it’s kind of sus: A virus that came from a bat or a snake in some wet market in Wuhan, China Some Chinese person ate the single snake that has COVID-19 virus Then it somehow spread all over the world Then it somehow mutated into an assortment of variants Specifically the economy & small businesses had to be shut down and specifically Capitalism dismantled all because of a virus that came from a little snake. Wow! The COVID-19 virus must be VERY powerful! XD Some say the COVID-19 virus is a bioweapon. XD Yeah, like getting a runny nose and loss of taste is a result of a bioweapon. XD I observed that the COVID-19 virus is no worse than a seasonal flu. COVID-19 cases increased while seasonal flu cases plummeted. XD People who would bash me in this post would say: “Lots of people are dying from COVID!” Well lots of people are dying anyway from random stuff year after year after year. Anthony Fauci would hibernate in the summer when the weather is warm & full of Vitamin D and emerge again in the winter on the TV when everybody is getting sick from the flu. This whole COVID-19 thing reminds me of the children’s story the Emperor’s New Clothes: The emperor thought that he was wearing a beautiful robe He would prance around in public with his ‘beautiful robe’ But in actuality, the emperor is actually naked. Moral Lesson of this story: The government and media had the masses be-LIE-ving that we are on a war with germs. But like the emperor’s fictional robe this COVID-19 virus doesn’t exist at all. Despite massive numbers of exorbitant cases & death figures, the doctors and specialists have not yet proven the COVID-19 virus exists. The COVID-19 virus was not isolated or identified and other possible causes of the illness were barely considered. For me this entire COVID-19 pandemic is nothing but a sleight of hand. This entire COVID-19 pandemic is just all about control & economic destruction. To dismantle the current capitalist system in favor of a greater centralized technocrat rule. I have plenty more to say about the COVID hoax but they are separate posts and separate categories by itself. I like to keep this short and sweet.

I have a PhD in virology and immunology. I’m a clinical lab scientist and have tested 1500 “supposed” positive Covid 19 samples collected here in S. California. When my lab team and I did the testing through Koch’s postulates and observation under a SEM (scanning electron microscope), we found NO Covid in any of the 1500 samples.What we found was that all of the 1500 samples were mostly Influenza A and some were influenza B, but not a single case of Covid, and we did not use the B.S. PCR test.We then sent the remainder of the samples to Stanford, Cornell, and a few of the University of California labs and they found the same results as we did, NO COVID. They found influenza A and B. All of us then spoke to the CDC and asked for viable samples of COVID, which CDC said they could not provide as they did not have any samples. We have now come to the firm conclusion through all our research and lab work, that the COVID 19 was imaginary and fictitious.The flu was called Covid and most of the 225,000 dead were dead through co-morbidities such as heart disease, cancer, diabetes, emphysema etc. and they then got the flu which further weakened their immune system and they died.I have yet to find a single viable sample of Covid 19 to work with. We at the 7 universities that did the lab tests on these 1500 samples are now suing the CDC for Covid 19 fraud. the CDC has yet to send us a single viable, isolated and purifed sample of Covid 19. If they can’t or won’t send us a viable sample,I say there is no Covid 19, it is fictitious. The four research papers that do describe the genomic extracts of the Covid 19 virus never were successful in isolating and purifying the samples. All the four papers written on Covid 19 only describe small bits of RNA which were only 37 to 40 base pairs long which is NOT A VIRUS. A viral genome is typically 30,000 to 40,000 base pairs.With as bad as Covid is supposed to be all over the place, how come no one in any lab world wide has ever isolated and purified this virus in its entirety? That’s because they’ve never really found the virus, all they’ve ever found was small pieces of RNA which were never identified as the virus anyway.So what we’re dealing with is just another flu strain like every year, COVID 19 does not exist and is fictitious. I believe China and the globalists orchestrated this COVID hoax (the flu disguised as a novel virus) to bring in global tyranny and a worldwide police totalitarian surveillance state, and this plot included massive election fraud to overthrow Trump.

How do you convince the world’s population to take an unproven, extremely dangerous and potentially deadly vaccine (with a purported success rate ranging from 70% to 94.7%) to immunize against Covid-19, a version of the corona virus (the ubiquitous common cold), when 80% of the world’s population is naturally immune and 99.997% of all patients who supposedly get Covid-19 survive?You tell a Great Lie. A whopper! A generation-altering doozy.Let’s examine, much like a forensic examiner would, the key components of the Great Lie of the COVID-19 second wave. The anatomy of a Great Lie is predictably a series of big lies woven together into a deadly cloak of deception.Lie No. 1: COVID-19 is a terrible plague — one of the worst global pandemics ever.Data now reveals that the so-called horrible Covid-19 pandemic was nothing more than a moderate cold/flu season. The novel corona virus (SARS-CoV-2) had remarkable survivability, despite the mass media gaslighting hysteria surrounding it.Dr. Roger Hodkinson, chairman of the Canadian Royal College of Physicians observed: “There is utterly unfounded public hysteria driven by the media and politicians. This the biggest hoax ever perpetrated on an unsuspecting public. There is absolutely nothing that can be done to contain this virus. This is nothing more than a bad flu season. It’s politics playing medicine and that’s a very dangerous game.”Read “Top Canadian Pathologist On COVID: ‘Greatest Hoax Ever Perpetrated'”Lie No. 2: Covid-19 killed so many patients.According to researcher Justin Heart: “Bombshell assertion by Johns Hopkins Economic and Statistics Experts. ‘These data suggest that in contrast to most people’s assumptions, the number of deaths by COVID-19 is not alarming. In fact, it has relatively no effect on deaths in the United States.’“It is acknowledged by experts both within allopathic medicine and by independent investigators that Covid-19 alone does not kill many patients. As the chart above reveals, anyone reasonably healthy under the age of 70 will survive the novel corona virus.What does kill patients is the malady they were already dying from, known as a comorbidity. Every precaution is taken to help dying patients avoid catching a cold or flu, as that is known to hasten their demise.In October 2020, the CDC quietly amended its statistics to credit the real cause of death in all Covid-19 cases was NOT COVID-19.Lie No. 3: There is a Covid-19 second wave.There is no Covid-19 second wave. Nine months of fear and anxiety over a bad chest cold turned into the global nano-terrorist, coupled with the intentional collapse of the middle class global economy, have weakened the immune systems of most of the people around the world. The New Normal and The Great Reset are intended to destroy your health and your life.Leaders in government and medicine know wearing masks damages the body, weakens the immune system and causes ill health. That is why there is an authoritarian surge to enforce mask wearing.There is now the classic increase in cold/flu cases predicted in Chinese Medicine because of seasonal weather change. Gullible flu shot patients are getting sick from the very shot they were told would help them, because of their weakened immune function. Those are the real causes of the lie of the second Covid-19 wave.  Dr. Michael Yeadon, a former chief science officer for the pharmaceutical giant Pfizer says, “There is no science to suggest a second wave should happen.” The Big Pharma insider asserts that false-positive results from inherently unreliable Covid tests are being used to manufacture a “second wave” based on “new cases.”Read “Former Pfizer Science Officer Reveals Great COVID-19 Scam”Lie No. 4: Covid-19 testing reveals so many new cases.The increase in nasal swab testing is delivering in excess of 70% false positives, according to follow-up analyses.“All Covid-19 tests are a scam,” according to Dr. Judy A. Mikovits, author of the The New York Times No. 1 Best Seller “Plague of Corruption.”“The PCR test is especially worthless.”Quite literally, the PCR test is a research tool, not a diagnostic aid. Check out the following Nov. 17 Winter Watch article for complete details.Read “Wildly Inaccurate PCR Testing Puts the Scam in the COVID-19 Scamdemic”Lie No. 5: Masks are necessary to stop the spread of Covid-19.“Masks are utterly useless,” Hodkinson noted. “There is no evidence whatsoever they are effective. It is utterly ridiculous seeing these unfortunate, uneducated people walking around like lemmings obeying without any evidence. Social distancing is also useless. Positive testing results do NOT indicate clinical infection.”Read “Maker of COVID Tests Says Pandemic is Biggest Hoax Ever Perpetrated”According to Dr. Colleen Huber, NMD, “Masks make you sick, masks weaken your immune system. Masks ultimately kill you. Did you know more people died from masks causing bacterial pneumonia than from the Spanish flu 100 years ago?”Read “Health risks of face masks in the corona crisis – Dr. Colleen Huber”Lie No. 6: The 2020 flu shot helps you in the fight against Covid-19.The latest flu shot is intended to make you sick, not prevent the flu. It is meant to run up the Covid-19 numbers, create more demand for the rushed-to-market vaccines.“The flu shot is the key, it triggers SARS-CoV-2,” Mikovits explained. “I have been begging people not to get a flu shot — especially this year — it is designed to make you sick and support the Covid-19 scamdemic.”Lie No. 7: All illness is now Covid-19 related. Big Pharma has gone beyond propaganda. They are now gaslighting the exploitable, fear-addled public. Criminal deceivers in government, mass media and corporate medicine constantly bray about the insane worldwide plague that isn’t.A large new study, led by a team of geneticists from University College London and published in the peer-reviewed journal “Nature Communications,” has investigated over 10,000 mutations to the SARS-CoV-2 virus and concluded there currently does not appear to be any variant that is more infectious or transmissible.Read “No evidence coronavirus has mutated to become more infectious”The truth to counter The Great Lie: There is no second wave of Covid-19. The truth is we are entering another typical cold/flu season and face the chilling probability of widespread, permanent injuries as well as millions of deaths from a vaccine seeking to rewrite your very DNA to combat a disease with a 99.997% survival rate for anyone under the age of 70. Avoid the Covid-19 vaccine as if your life depended on it … for it does.

Take 15 minutes and listen to this interview with a hospital nurse — She says that what are called “breakthrough cases” and Delta variant cases are affecting mainly the vaccinated and are in fact adverse reactions to the vaccinations.  She says hospitals and hospital doctors will not acknowledge the fact of adverse reactions and report adverse reactions to the vaccine as new Covid cases.  The more Covid cases and Covid deaths, the more money the hospital makes, so reporting adverse vaccine reactions as new Covid cases is the way hospitals are maximizing their profits.  Obviously, a hospital doctor who disagrees is out of a job.  In other words, the truth about Covid and the vaccine is too costly to the hospital to be acknowledged.The interviewed nurse says that half of the nurses at the hospital where she works are about to lose their jobs, because they refuse to be vaccinated.  We have seen, she says, the terrible effects of vaccination on patients and are unwilling to do this to ourselves. Many nurses want to quit regardless, because they cannot stop doctors from making people ill by vaccinating them. Medicine, it seems, has ceased to be about health.This hospital’s policy is essentially the policy of all the hospitals.  It suits NIH, CDC, and FDA, because it protects the vaccine’s reputation and that of the regulators who approved its emergency use, and it protects Big Pharma’s profits, some of which flow back to the regulators.As Stew Peters sums up the interview, it is murder for money.The nurse says that the only treatment the hospital gives Covid patients is Remdesivir and puts patients on ventilators.  Remdesivir has serious adverse effects of its own, and ventilators are a known killer of Covid patients.Asked about Ivermectin, hospitals refuse to use it even if a doctor prescribes it for a patient.  As I reported, at another hospital a wife had to get a court order that the hospital had to give the dying husband treatment with Ivermectin.  But the hospital dragged its feet, and apparently Big Pharma got to the judge and he withdrew his order.  The patient has likely been murdered by the refusal of treatment with Ivermectin. For hospitals, it is Big Pharma protocol over life.Contrast this with the successful widespread use of Ivermectin in India to control Covid, and the decision by the Tokyo Medical Association to recommend that all doctors treat Covid patients with Ivermectin. The conclusion is that when it comes to Covid treatment, the American medical system is the most backward one in the world.Unfortunately, the presstitutes will not report any of this, and unfortunately most Americans are too busy wasting their time in the ways they do to save their lives by watching a 15 minute interview.The Covid lie began with the PCR test run at high cycles that made the test unreliable and a generator of a high rate of false positives.  This is how the “pandemic” was created.  Millions of people who did not have Covid were reported as having Covid because of the false positives generated by the PCR test.  This intentional lie was used to create the fear that drove people to be guinea pigs for a dangerous experimental “vaccine.”Fear was also driven by financial incentives given to hospitals. Covid deaths meant bonus payments.  This cleverness gave hospitals incentives to report all possible deaths as Covid deaths.  The flu season, heart attacks, cancer, pneumonia, all became Covid deaths.  The greatly exaggerated figure was used to heighten the fear factor.In truth the people dying were people with Covid and co-morbidities, and they were dying because they were not being treated except with ventilators, which turned out not to be a treatment that addresses Covid.native advertisingKnown and safe treatments were withheld, because otherwise emergency use could not be granted the pending vaccines.  Emergency use authorization is dependent on the absence of treatments that cure.  This is why in the US and Europe HCQ and Ivermectin, both long approved, long in use, and so safe that they are available for over-the-counter purchase in most of the world, were demonized as “dangerous,” “unapproved,” and it is why false stories financed by Big Pharma are spread, such as this one — which convince people that there is no alternative to the “vaccine.”The vaccine is not a vaccine.  It is an effort to substitute experimental RNA technology for a vaccine, and it has failed big time.  What was yesterday “fully vaccinated” is today unvaccinated.  A booster shot is needed, and Fauci now says one will be needed every 8 months or despite numerous shots you will be unvaccinated.  In Israel where 84% are “vaccinated,” the pandemic among the vaccinated is so great that the Israeli health czar already has Israelis on a second booster. It seems humanity is to become a pin cushion for vaccine needles.The so-called vaccine not only fails to protect, it produces serious and deadly adverse effects.  Indeed, the likely case is that the great majority of what are said to be new Covid cases are in fact adverse reactions to the vaccine.  This would explain why the great majority of what are labeled new Covid cases are among the “fully vaccinated” and why new cases rise with vaccination.  See the Israeli table for example—If already there are variants, it is highly likely that they are results of the vaccine which top rank scientists believe enables the virus to escape immune response.  In other words, the more vaccination, the more variants, the more Covid spreads.It would be impossible to design a greater failure or a greater threat to public health and civil liberty than the mRNA vaccines and the campaign behind them.  Many distinguished experts have reached this conclusion and speak it, but they are censored.  Why?  Is it only because they threaten vaccine profits?Despite the massive undeniable total failure of the Covid Vaccine, there is enormous pressure from everywhere for universal vaccination.  Biden wants it mandated by the Labor Department that every firm with 100 employees requires vaccination as a condition of employment. Hospitals and HMOs are requiring it of their doctors and nurses.  Universities are refusing to allow unvaccinated students to even take online courses! There are calls to deny unvaccinated people access to restaurants, hotels, public transportation, sports events, hospitals, and even visits to their own doctor and dentist.  A Covid Passport which has to be updated every 8 months means endless paperwork.  Every time you turn around it is time to get a new passport.The pressure is unrelenting. If you make a purchase from a pharmacy in the state of Georgia, it will be handed to you in a red and white bag reading in giant letters: “I said Yes to the Vaccine to Help End the Pandemic.”  “Covid Vaccine is safe,” declares the bag. “Side effects are mild and last a day or two.”  Now do your part to control the pandemic—Get Vaccinated.  Department of Public Health, Government of Georgia.This from a public health department despite the fact that vaccination  does not protect, requires endless booster shots, and is causing a pandemic of adverse reactions and new variants!The only possible conclusion is that either public officials, employers,  and university administrators are so completely stupid that they cannot fathom the clear evidence or they want more adverse vaccine reactions, more new variants, and more Covid cases.

American adults who have not yet received the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccine say that they will probably not, or definitely will not, get them. Around 64 percent of unvaccinated Americans have little to no confidence that COVID shots are effective against new variants, including the delta variant that officials say is responsible for the majority of cases in the United States.Some say that if the vaccine rollouts were really a benevolent program that followed science, then there would be no need to force the public to get shots using propaganda – things would naturally take care of themselves and the Americans who have already taken the shots would no longer present a threat to the rest of society.However, that is not the case. The more resistance the government encounters, the more aggressive it becomes in presenting “facts and evidence” about COVID-19. President Joe Biden recently said that the only pandemic happening right now is the “pandemic of the unvaccinated,” despite data showing that vaccinated individuals make up the bulk of infections and hospitalizations.The government also said that vaccines offer more reliable protections compared to natural immunity, but medical studies from around the world showed that natural immunity offers up to 27 times more protection than vaccines.The government also said that vaccines are “safe and effective” despite having no long-term data to prove these claims. Multiple studies have also shown that vaccine effectiveness is questionable at best.Vaccinated individuals represent the majority of new infections and hospitalizations in Israel, which is one of the most vaccinated nations in the world. Study shows that new infections in Israel have surged a few months after the COVID-19 vaccines were introduced.In the U.S., the outbreaks in 2020 ended before the vaccine rollout. This means the vaccines had nothing to do with the decrease in infection rates – they dropped on their own. The infection rates went up again as the delta variant emerged in the midst of the mass vaccination campaign.Health expert: vaccine mandate not supported by scienceThe public has grown weary of the forced vaccinations set up by the government, which is evident in mass walkouts and sickouts, as well as other protests against mandates for companies with over 100 employees.There are also refusals from armed forces across all branches, as well as city police forces. Most employers and government offices can barely function as it is. There is little chance that they can cope with the loss of the workforce. (Related: Survey: Most Americans oppose vaccination mandates.)Dr. Marty Makary, a professor at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine, said that mandating vaccines for everyone is not well-supported by science. He also has concerns about the two-dose regimen for younger people.Makary pointed out that the government does not see a similar health fervor for people who smoke, drink alcohol or refuse to wear a helmet when riding a bike. Around 85,000 Americans die from alcohol every year, but there are few compulsory requirements to cut these deaths.The notion that the government has to vaccinate every American, up to every newborn to control the pandemic is based on the false assumption that the risk of dying from COVID is equally distributed in the population. But the young and healthy are rarely affected by the virus.Requiring the vaccine in people who already have natural immunity also has no scientific basis. A Cleveland Clinic study found that vaccinating people with natural immunity did not add to their level of protection.

It is quite clear to me that, whatever the truth is about the origins of the virus or whether or not it actually exists in the precise form that we’re told, certain things have happened & continue to happen.Very closely together in time, scores of countries simultaneously discarded their pandemic preparedness plans & instead adopted what I’ve dubbed the “Eight covid19 lies”.Here’s a detailed example in an interview given to Highwire some weeks ago: What almost every government told their people was an absurd set of statements, most of them easily disproven by reference to published literature & often simply by thinking.These statements were & remain untrue, every last one of them. When politicians make technical statements, it’s not reasonable to expect them to know whether it’s right or not. But when the advisory team guiding policy responses is invoked, as they usually are, untrue statements by those with good levels of knowledge & experience has no better description than lies. These are not ‘slip-ups’, ‘well-intentioned mistakes’, ‘erring on the side of caution’ or similar. They’re deliberately misleading.In all countries for which I have information, the communications were done with the guidance of people who’s professional jobs are psychological manipulators, sometimes called ‘PsyOps’, and used fear over anything else.Once you examine these statements, you have all the evidence needed to show to a receptive, open minded person that indeed we are all facing a heavily manipulated situation.While I recognise there’s a constant flow of important new information, such as the time ordering of patents, people apparently becoming magnetised after vaccination, the concept of ‘shedding’, graphene oxide in the vaccines etc. I’m more than happy to benefit from others diligence on all these emerging items, and not to invest time I don’t have myself.I’m not convinced that many of the usual institutions are operative, and so I’m not aiming to influence them (in U.K. for example, Parliament).native advertisingI may be wrong to do so, but I’m now aiming solely at the general public. I have given & will continue to give interviews on the theme of the “Eight covid19 lies”.I put it to the list that while interesting, it’s not necessary for the purpose of trying to wake up the public to know & tell them about anything more that proves beyond doubt that there’s massive SV scale fraud & deception going on.There is no possible benign interpretation of the fact that we’re all being lied to, for between 15-18months. None whatsoever. All that has been accomplished is destruction of the economies of many G20 countries, wrecking of civil societies, substantial, avoidable loss of life (often through deprivation of healthcare) and a pervading sense of fear, everywhere.Additionally, large & growing fractions of populations have been injected with new technology, experimental gene based vaccines, which have been associated with rates of death shortly afterwards of 1-2 orders of magnitude greater than any previous public health prophylactic vaccine. Everywhere they are steamrollering appropriate objections to vaccination in people who cannot benefit from this intervention, yet certainly can be harmed or even killed by them.We hear the imminent arrival of ‘vaccine passports’, which don’t enhance public safety yet grant to the state totalitarian tyranny over them.There is no other interpretation that fits all the major facts, than that the goal is control through what will be the world’s first digital identity database.What will be done with that power, we cannot be sure. My views or rather reasoned deductions are well known & I continue to stand by them.There being immunologically no need or justification for 3rd & subsequent vaccines (booster, top-up, variant) the fact that they’re imminently to be administered to people en masse should send alarm bells ringing loudly.Biotechnology has awesome power but it can very easily be misused. I am of the view that 3rd & subsequent vaccines may be used to initiate depopulation. The first generation vaccines I don’t think were deliberately made to be dangerous so they’re no guide at all to what might be next.Bottom line, my intentions are best served by me continuing to give as many interviews as I can, alone or in groups, to those with the largest audiences.This note is in no way intended to be critical. It’s just great that people are stepping forward. But I do believe in this world war, there are no Allies. No one is coming to save us. Time is marching on.I wish us all the most persuasive skills in your efforts to persuade the persuadable. Many aren’t.

Covid is a group of symptoms, not a disease, according to one of the world’s leading virus experts, Dr. Judy Mikovitz. When you test “positive” for Covid, you’re really just testing positive for common colds, flu viruses and pathogens from previous vaccines.top 10 biggest lies about covid 19When most people run a high fever, their body is actually fighting off bacteria from the Covid masks they wear all day and the pathogens that were injected with the Covid inoculations.The entire pandemic is based on false pretenses and fabricated statistics, so we must look at the biggest lies that were concocted, like a synthetic virus in a lab, and then spread around with propaganda, like a TV “breaking news” pandemic update.Anyone wearing a mask who got a flu shot this summer is literally growing the pandemic because they will be sick and test “positive” for Covid, and also be convinced they had Covid.Then when they quarantine, social distance and continue to mask up, they will be weakening themselves while exacerbating whatever cold or flu they have even more so.Therefore, the vaccines start the wave of sickness, the PCR tests show almost everyone positive for vaccine-induced sickness, and the masks and lockdowns fuel the viruses and bacteria even more.It’s a vicious cycle and everyone thinks we’re in the middle of a worldwide pandemic caused by a virus, when it’s really caused by the Covid vaccines and promoted by false-positive PCR testing.Which Of These TEN Most Popular Covid Lies Do You Still Believe?LIE #1. Covid is still contagious when you’re asymptomatic.LIE #2. PCR tests tell you whether or not you have or had Covid-19 (or Delta).LIE #3. Vaccines usually prevent you from catching Covid, or make it a mild case if you do.LIE #4. Covid-19 vaccines help with immunity against variants, like Delta and Lambda.LIE #5. A lab can test for Covid-19 and prove in court if you had it (like forensic DNA).LIE #6. Covid vaccines are safe, even for pregnant women.LIE #7. Vaccine immunity is stronger than natural immunity.LIE #8. Without vaccines, you’re at high risk of catching and dying from Covid.LIE #9. Vaccines provide better immunity for Covid than vitamin D, zinc and Ivermectin.LIE #10. Masks, social distancing and lockdowns have helped “flatten the curve.”The 160 Million Americans Who Got Covid Vaccinated Have A New Inflammatory Disease Driving Their “Pre-Existing” Inflammatory DiseasesMost Americans who got the Covid jabs already are the ones who are terrified of the virus because they already have compromised immune systems, whether from obesity, cancer, heart disease, diabetes, COPD or just chronic inflammation from poor eating and toxic medicine, including vaccines.The spike-protein injections (Covid shots) are creating trillions of miniscule clogs in the blood, causing the heart to become inflamed and overworked, driving other diseases to the tipping point (needed hospitalization or death). Healthy people can fix this “pandemic” by NOT getting any vaccines and NOT wearing a mask, as Dr. Mikovitz has explained.Scholars, doctors, scientists and immunologists are stepping up and blowing the whistle on the “plandemic” and exposing the fake shots, the fake tests that almost always read positive, and the fake “safety protocols” that are being shoved down our throats by big and small government alike, plus by corporations, school systems and most of all, the medical industrial complex.

Dr. Astrid Stückelberger dropped some major bombshells during a recent interview that completely blew the lid on billionaire eugenicist Bill Gates, the corrupt World Health Organization (WHO), and other nefarious elements that all conspired together to perpetrate the Wuhan coronavirus (Covid-19) plandemic on the world.A scientist, writer and WHO insider, Dr. Stückelberger used to believe in the work of the United Nations arm until she started to see some serious red flags with the way it operates. Much like the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), the WHO functions more like a private corporation than it does a public health agency, working to advance the interests of Big Pharma and other pro-vaccine forces like the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.As a professor at the University of Applied Sciences in Switzerland as well as a lecturer within the Institute of Global Health of the Faculty of Medicine at the University of Geneva, Dr. Stückelberger is a credible source, by the way, whose insider information about the WHO is noteworthy.In a nutshell, WHO member states, of which there 193, are bound by whatever rules and restrictions the WHO decides to impose in the name of “public health.” With the Chinese virus, the WHO pronounced all sorts of new requirements that the vast majority went along with, except for two: Iran and the United States under President Donald Trump.Behind the scenes, Gates and his cohorts, along with GAVI, were steering the WuFlu ship with the WHO appearing to make all the decisions. And thanks to the way the WHO operates, the plandemic was easy to implement.“It is embedded in the constitution of the WHO,” says Dr. Stückelberger about the ease with which the WHO is able to decree international ‘health regulations.’ “So, they don’t need to adopt it. It is immediately approved and it’s an obligation, so it is legally binding.”You can watch the full interview with Dr. Stückelberger below:Bill Gates petitioned to become his own “member state” at the WHOGates holds an incredible amount of sway over decisions made at the WHO, which impact most countries around the world. He has paid the agency so much money over the years that he now thinks he has the right to vote as if he was his own country.Dr. Stückelberger explains that Gates holds immunity in Switzerland where such deals are made, as does GAVI, and has repeatedly tried to become his own “member state” in the eyes of the WHO – though it is unclear if he was ever actually voted in as such.Even so, Gates still pulls a lot of strings at the WHO. He negotiates and signs contracts on behalf of different countries, acting as the unelected middle man in deciding which vaccines or pharmaceuticals will be purchased by them.As you may recall, Gates planned for the Wuhan coronavirus (Covid-19) with his Event 201 exercise back in the fall of 2019. This exercise involved strategizing for a major pandemic that just so happened to materialize several months later.Dr. Stückelberger witnessed firsthand how the WHO has been holding the same types of exercises for years, which is what first tipped her off to something fishy. She also notes that in recent years, the WHO has changed all sorts of definitions in its health guidelines to allow for any form of influenza or even the common cold to potentially be declared a “pandemic.”Even the word “immunity,” she says, which we likewise noted, has been redefined by the WHO to only include vaccine-related “immunity” as opposed to natural immunity.

“American Journal” host Harrison Smith branded Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) lockdowns as “flawed” two years after they were first implemented. He also took umbrage at how COVID-19 deaths were counted.Smith quoted an article by the Daily Mail criticizing the polymerase chain reaction (PCR) tests used to identify COVID-19. The March 12 piece puts forward the possibility of the test itself and the lockdowns put in place being problematic. “The gold standard PCR tests … were picking up people who weren’t actually infected. Some even suggested that the swabs, which have been carried out more than 200 million times in the U.K. alone, may mistake common colds and flu for [the coronavirus.]”It added: “If either or both were true, it would mean that many of the cases should never have been counted in the daily tally. [The] ominous and all-too-familiar figure, which is used to inform decision on [lockdowns] and other pandemic measures, was an over-count.” (Related: SCIENCE FAIL: Portuguese court rules PCR tests are unreliable, unlawful “evidence” of alleged Covid-19 infections.)The “American Journal” host did not hold back on his response to the British tabloid.“Let me go ahead and answer that question for you, Daily Mail. Yes, they were flawed; they picked up the flu and the cold as COVID-19; and they detected dead COVID-19 strains up to 12 weeks after the person had been infected. It was all a lie, [and] people doing this knew that they were doing it. They imposed lockdowns and restrictions, and destroyed the economy based on these flawed assumptions that they knew were flawed from the very beginning,” Smith said.“They locked down your country on purpose. They killed hundreds of thousands of people by denying them things like ivermectin – [despite] the fact that there were cures for this disease a month into the pandemic. The lockdowns … just destroyed economies, leading to the death of millions.COVID-19 deaths inflated to maintain the big lieSmith also voiced out his criticism of the Massachusetts Department of Public Health (DPH) for supposedly “redefining” what constitutes a COVID-19 death. The move by the Bay State’s health department will reduce the state’s death tally by the thousands, according to the Lowell Sun.DPH State Epidemiologist Dr. Catherine Brown said of the move: “We believe that this will provide us a much more accurate picture of who has died [in association with] a COVID-19 infection in Massachusetts, and it will also improve our ability to compare our data with data from other jurisdictions. We think this is an absolutely critical step in improving our understanding of who COVID-19 has impacted most significantly during the pandemic.”Smith remarked: “Under the old guidance – if the virus appeared as the cause of death on someone’s death certificate or if they tested positive for the virus [within] 60 days of death, it’s counted in the statewide [COVID-19] death tally. They’re just lying to pump up the numbers, to justify the lockdowns [and] to destroy [the] economy [and the] supply chain.”According to the “American Journal” host, there must be a “massive worldwide reckoning” in which all those responsible for destroying Americans’ lives in the name of public health must “be held to account.” He added: “The only way possible that we can get back to some sense of normalcy is if the people who led us down this path, who lied to us day in and day out and destroyed our country, get what’s coming to them.”But Smith is not exactly optimistic about the prospect of the medical tyrants being held to account over their actions.“It’ll never happen because the American people have just been castrated. [They’ve] been there just stomping on our nuts, and we sit here and allow them to do it – and [even] thank them for the opportunity.”Head over to MedicalFascism.news for more related stories.

Even though the media is now consumed with covering the Russia-Ukraine conflict, we cannot let it get memory-holed that Tony Fauci, Rochelle Walensky, Donald Trump, Francis Collins and many others lied about the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) “vaccines.”For more than a year, all of these people told the world that Fauci Flu shots are “safe and effective” even though tens of millions of people who got them are now injured or dead.“The fact that people like Rochelle Walensky, Dr. Fauci, Dr. Collins said ‘safe and effective’ – this [should result in] criminal charges,” said Dr. Naomi Wolf during a recent appearance with Steve Bannon on his “War Room: Pandemic” program.Wolf does not want the world to forget that career criminals like Walensky conspired to commit crimes against humanity with the mass injection program, which still continues to this day.The primary targets now are young children, though many are starting to rise up against this. The world is realizing that these shots are deadly and not even needed in the first place, but that does not mean that we should let those who pushed them on us all get away with it.Everyone who pushed COVID vaccines deserves to be prosecuted for their crimes against humanityIn a recent statement, Walensky tried to pretend as though “waning” immunity from the jabs was never properly communicated to people like herself, which she says is why she pushed the shots so hard.“So many of us wanted to be helpful,” she said.“So many of us wanted to say, ‘Okay, this is our ticket out, right? Now we’re done.’ So, I think we have perhaps too little caution and too much optimism for some good things that came our way. I really do. I think all of us wanted this to be done.”Walensky was reportedly tapped to head the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on Dec. 8, 2020. She was quickly installed upon Joe Biden’s “inauguration,” and she, Fauci, Collins, and many others got to work in executing the next phases of Trump’s Operation Warp Speed program.“Vaccination is a critical tool in bringing this unprecedented pandemic to an end,” stated Robert Redfield, Walensky’s predecessor, just before leaving office. Redfield, of course, served under Trump.“We know for sure that the vaccine is highly efficacious in preventing the clinical disease,” added Fauci in a similar statement to CNBC around the very same time.Even long after leaving office, Trump himself has continued to promote the jabs. We also now know that he was directly involved in the global racketeering and collusion scheme to spread the jabs all around the world at warp speed.To this very day, all of these people are recommending COVID injections, including for young children.Walensky, in another recent statement, said that she might even recommend a second “booster” shot for both children and adults depending on what her overlords instruct her to do.“I have frequently said, ‘We’re going to lead with the science; the science is going to be the foundation of everything we do.’ That is entirely true,” Walensky lied.“I think the public heard that science is foolproof, science is black and white, science is immediate, and we get the answer and then we make the decision based on the answer. And the truth is science is gray, and science is not always immediate, and sometimes it takes months and years to actually find out the answer. But you have to make decisions in a pandemic before you have that answer.”

An emergency physician by the name of Dr. Joseph Fraiman is speaking out about the fact that just like many others in his field, he was deceived by the prevailing plandemic narrative.Early on, Fraiman said during a recent Zoom call with proponents of the Great Barrington Declaration, it seemed like everyone just fell in line with the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) fearmongering because of all the rhetoric about “saving lives.”The world was told that staying locked down and masked at all times – and later getting “vaccinated” – were the only ways to get out of the crisis. Fraiman believed all that at the time. But his views have since changed.“These policies were harmful,” Fraiman said. You can watch a clip of him speaking below:Dr. Joseph Fraiman: “Personally, I would like to apologize to the three other scientists sitting with me here on Zoom, the proponents of the Great Barrington Declaration…I’m sorry, because I believe now you guys were correct. And you were correct from the beginning.” pic.twitter.com/a7AbdU5zRw— Michael P Senger (@MichaelPSenger) March 7, 2022“Initially, it was irrelevant because there were lives on the line. I’m an emergency doctor – there are lives, we have to do it. But if the policies didn’t really make a difference and only caused harm, then you really have to start rethinking what you’re doing,” Fraiman said.Is it enough just to apologize?Seeing the damage that was caused by these policies, Fraiman wants Americans and really everyone to think long and hard about whether or not we ever want to do something like this again in the event that another alleged pathogen emerges.“I think as a society we have to decide if we want to continue a public policy that is obviously producing large harm,” Fraiman said.“Also, personally, I would like to apologize to the three other scientists sitting with me here on Zoom, the proponents of the Barrington Declaration, because initially I did think you all were crazy, or dumb, or maybe you just didn’t understand what I was seeing. But I now realize, actually – I’m sorry, because I believe now that you guys are correct, and you were correct from the beginning.”Fraiman said he wishes that more people, including himself, have figured it all out sooner. But better late than never.“And I hope more people realize that soon enough,” he added.The Great Barrington Declaration contains the signatures of many prominent doctors and other medical professionals, as well as scientists and researchers whose careers center around helping people.Co-authored by Dr. Martin Kulldorff, a professor and epidemiologist at Harvard University, and Dr. Sunetra Gupta, also a professor and epidemiologist from the University of Oxford, the document calls for all lockdowns to end.Dr. Jay Bhattacharya, a professor and epidemiologist from Stanford University, is also a co-author of the Great Barrington Declaration.“Everyone who told us the ‘vaccine’ was ‘safe and effective’ needs to be indicted and tried in a court of law,” wrote someone in response to the video of Fraiman speaking. “Plainly, we were lied to, and all those who refused the jab and lost their jobs as a result should be re-instated with full pay.”Another person suggested that Fraiman might just be trying to save himself from execution now that the truth is coming out.“They cannot get a pass on this,” said someone else. “It is their job to research and do no harm.”“How convenient,” wrote another. “Let’s be honest: you were looking out for yourself. You weren’t going to risk losing your license. So you knowingly administered a jab you knew had significant question marks. That is criminal.”

The husband of an Oregon woman who died last year from a blood clotting disorder just two weeks after getting “vaccinated” with Johnson & Johnson’s (J&J) Wuhan coronavirus (Covid-19) injection is speaking out about his wife’s “rare” experience.It turns out that what Stan Thomas’ other half suffered is not so rare after all. He explained to NBC News that even if the risk is considered “small” by the government’s standards, it is happening more often than people think.Thousands of similar blood clotting disorders resulting in death have been reported to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), and yet NBC maintains that there is only “a 1-in-a-million risk.”“When it’s eight million doses and two people are going to die from it, who thinks it’s going to be you?” Thomas asked hypothetically in an interview.Monika Melkonian, 52, we now know, received her J&J shot at an injection clinic on April 7, 2021, the same day that both the CDC and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) temporarily “paused” that brand of injection due to a flood of reports about vaccine-induced thrombotic thrombocytopenia (VITT).“VITT is a sometimes fatal condition characterized by simultaneous acute thrombosis and thrombocytopenia that presents after receiving a COVID vaccine,” explains The Defender (Children’s Health Defense) about the condition.Initially, Melkonian developed a persistent headache and pain behind her left eye. She did not think too much of it and continued to carry out normal daily activities with her husband.By April 17, Melkonian’s headache was mostly gone, so she assumed she was in the clear. But by 4 a.m. the next day (April 18), Thomas says he heard his wife hit the floor, which turned out to be a seizure that caused her to no longer be able to move her right arm.Suspecting a stroke, Thomas called 9-1-1 and had first responders take her to the emergency room. She perished not long after arriving there.“The progression of this was just lightning-fast,” Thomas recalled about how he tried to communicate with his wife by asking her to squeeze his hand once for “yes” and twice for “no” in response to questions.“The last thing that I said to her was that I loved her and asked her to squeeze my hand twice,” he said. “She did.”CDC covid jab task force admits that it excludes certain post-injection heart incidents from data to keep numbers lowOn April 22, 2021, the CDC launched an investigation into Melkonian’s death. Later that year, the agency’s vaccine advisory panel determined that the benefits of getting the shot supposedly outweigh the risks, claiming that only 54 cases of VITT in J&J recipients, nine of which resulted in death, have been reported.“This blood clot was seen in combination with very low platelets,” said the Oregon Health Authority in a follow-up statement following Melkonian’s death.“Prior to the issuance of the pause, cases of this serious blood clot had been identified among six women around the country who received the vaccine.”Concerning the CDC’s declaration that the J&J jab is still safe despite the VITT risk, the agency’s COVID-19 Vaccine Task Force later admitted that certain heart events that occur post-injection are excluded from the data. These include “reports where [the] only thrombosis is ischemic stroke or myocardial infarction.”Doing this, The Defender noted, significantly reduces the number of blood-clotting cases in the official numbers, which in effect makes the injections appear safer than they actually are.The CDC website currently states that most strokes, or around 87 percent, are ischemic strokes, which is when blood flow through the artery that supplies oxygen-rich blood to the brain becomes blocked.

A few months back, workers transporting vials of a Wuhan coronavirus (Covid-19) “vaccine” drug called CoronaVac suffered serious injuries after a shipment was damaged and spilled.A study on the incident, which took place in Thailand, found that health personnel exposed to the evaporated vial contents suffered ocular surface erosion and skin rashes.“Proximity and timing suggest CoronaVac correlation with the ocular and skin reactions,” the paper’s authors wrote, adding that “we recommend caution during vaccine handling and fastidious clean-up of any spills.”“Cautions should be taken to avoid broken vials, spills, and aerosolization of CoronaVac during the vaccination.”Reading this, one would think that a highly corrosive industrial chemical of some kind was leaked, resulting in serious injuries. But these were supposedly “medicines” that were spilled – medicines that are being injected into people’s bodies.If these drugs cause such health problems on the outside of the body upon exposure, what might they be doing to people’s insides, we wonder?CoronaVac shots contain aluminum hydroxideIt turns out that CoronaVac injections are made in China and contain beta-propiolactone inactivated SARS-CoV-2 viral particles (or so they say, since SARS-CoV-2 has never actually been isolated).The jabs have a claimed efficacy rate of just 50.4 percent, and that is the “official” number. In reality, it is likely closer to zero percent efficacy just like for the other injections from Pfizer-BioNTech and Moderna.Concerning CoronaVac specifically, the study looked at a three-day jab campaign that took place at Rajavithi Hospital in Thailand. A total of 20 health personnel worked in the vaccination room of an indoor facility and all received the jab within the first two days.On the third day, a single dose of the vaccine was accidentally dropped on the floor by a nurse, resulting in breakage. She promptly wiped it up with a piece of tissue paper and disposed of it in a trash can where it remained for the rest of the day.That one broken vial caused 15 different personnel to experience skin rashes and ocular surface erosion anywhere from 3-17 hours after the accident. These same 15 people worked in the affected rooms for between 3-6 either during or after the incident occurred while another five who were also there showed no adverse reactions.“All 15 personnel with ocular symptoms had some degree of conjunctivitis including: eye irritation (9); red eyes (7); tearing (7); and swollen eyelids (4),” reported the Daily Exposé.“The nurse who accidentally dropped the vaccine vial and the assistant who wore contact lenses manifested the most severe and longest clinical manifestations, for 2 weeks.”Interestingly, none of the 2,296 recipients of the injections reported any symptoms, at least not immediately.“We hypothesise, after finding no other likely association, such as contamination of cleaning agents or malfunction of ventilation system, that the evaporated solution of the vaccine was associated with ocular surface erosions of the affected personnel,” the study authors wrote.“… the excipients or aluminum hydroxide adjuvant may be the likely chemicals that associated with the adverse reactions.”In the comments, someone wrote that a doctor who previously researched the contents of the vials, focusing primarily on the nanotech aspects, said before his death that the secret to finding out what is actually in them is to wait three days while it dries.“And people are happy to be injected with this toxic fluid?” asked another. “Astounding.”Over at Natural News, a commenter reiterated the fact that SARS-CoV-2 has never been isolated and that the media is just fabricating fear and terror over what amounts to a bad seasonal flu.

A group of four professors out of Europe is petitioning BioNTech for answers as to why the company’s mRNA “vaccines” for the Wuhan coronavirus (Covid-19) contain strange “grey shade” contents inside the vials.Jörg Matysik, Professor of Analytical Chemistry at the University of Leipzig; Gerald Dyker, Professor of Organic Chemistry at the Ruhr University Bochum; Andreas Schnepf, Professor of Inorganic Chemistry at the University of Tübingen; and Martin Winkler, Professor Materials and Process Engineering at the Zurich University of Applied Sciences, all want to know why the injection contains a “white to grey-white dispersion” unlike any other vaccine.“How does this significant colour difference come about; virtually all the substances used are colourless, so white would be expected. Where does the shade of grey come from? Are these impurities?” the professors asked.Schnepf stated about the “diluted black” color is “hardly created in a process that would be expected.”“We need to know if it is an impurity,” he added. “If a pill is not white, there is a suspicion that something has gone wrong. We need clarification from BioNTech on this.”In their joint letter, Schnepf and his colleagues probed BioNTech even more about how uniform product is ensured, “or rather how can you ensure that the mRNA to be packaged is present in the lipid nanoparticles and to what extent?”“How do you continue to control the concentration of mRNA active ingredient in each batch, and how do you control the concentration of active ingredient in the lipid nanoparticles relative to that outside the particles?” the letter further reads.Certain chemical components used in the vaccines “are not approved for human medicine,” reveals package insertAnother thing the professors are demanding answers about is the label on BioNTech’s injection, which states that the vials contain “components used in the vaccine that are not approved for human medicine.”Just what, exactly, are these mystery components? They are called ALC-0159 and ALC-0315, and BioNTech says they are “used to form the lipid nanoparticles.”The safety data sheet for ALC-0315 clearly reveals that it “irritates both eyes and skin or mucous membranes,” which Schnepf says is a serious problem because what is to say that this chemical will not do the same thing to tissues throughout the body?“Here we need clarity,” Schnepf said. “Are there any further planned or ongoing studies to determine the toxicological effects of the substances or their biological degradation?”Another major concern is, of course, side effects. Some lots of the vaccine appear to be much deadlier than other lots. How and why is this the case?These side effects, the professors added to their letter, “are correlated with a small number of batch numbers.”“How can this circumstance be explained and what distinguishes these batches from the others, and are efforts underway to investigate this important aspect in more detail, especially with regard to quality assurance? Are there or are clinical studies planned to investigate the side effects and their causes as well as to increase the safety of the new Covid vaccines?”Chances are that BioNTech will provide bogus answers to all of these questions, assuming the company responds at all. Big Pharma is notorious for lying and getting away with murder – literally.Last summer, strange grey matter appeared in vials of covid vaccine from Moderna, prompting the government of Japan to halt all further administration of the drug.The grey vials were magnetic, a Japanese ministry official announced, suggesting that “it could be metal.” To this day, it is still unknown the true contents of these injections.

In late 2021, U.S. District Judge Mark Pittman ordered Pfizer to release all relevant data on their “covid-19 vaccine.” The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) tried to protect Pfizer, suggesting that the data be kept classified for the next twenty years. However, the courts ordered the speedy release of the information, demanding transparency for a product that has been used arrogantly and tyrannically to destroy people’s livelihoods and health.As the documents are released to the public at the rate of 55,000 pages per month, researchers are documenting the truth about the covid-19 vaccines. For one, these injections use RNA replication technology to exploit the innate immune system, to mass produce a variant of the spike protein bioweapon. This has led to widespread immune depletion and enhanced disease, causing higher caseloads, hospitalizations and deaths. Furthermore, Pfizer’s own documents prove THEY KNEW their covid vaccines were not “safe and effective.” Pfizer also knew the mRNA nano-particles circulated throughout the body, causing damage to organs. The FDA granted emergency use authorization (EUA) anyway, lying to the public about the “safety” and “efficacy” of the vaccine.Criminal negligence or criminal conspiracy: unraveling Pfizer and FDA deception about covid-19 vaccinesThere are only two explanations for the FDA’s behavior in this historic matter of medical malpractice: criminal negligence or criminal conspiracy. Either the FDA negligently disregarded the data in these documents, or they actively participated in a criminal conspiracy to commit fraud and cause harm to the population. Why would the FDA blindly trust a company (Pfizer) that previously promoted pharmaceutical products illegally, leading to the largest health care fraud settlement in the history of the Justice Department? With the Pfizer documents being made public, both Pfizer and the FDA should be charged. They should be charged for not only promoting pharmaceutical products illegally, but also for using deception and coercion to force harmful products on the population.The Pfizer documents raise serious public health issues. At least 50,000 pages have been released thus far. In the documents, Pfizer reassured the FDA repeatedly that their vaccine would “prevent” covid-19, even though the study design utilized fraudulent diagnostic standards to manipulate end points, while ignoring absolute risk reduction. Pfizer understood that vaccinated individuals can still test positive for covid-19, and may still get the same respiratory symptoms, even after suffering from the side effects of the vaccine. Yet, Pfizer repeatedly claimed that their vaccine would “prevent” covid-19 – lying to the FDA about is effectiveness.In the documents, Pfizer indicated that the vaccine be used for “active immunization to prevent COVID-19 caused by SARS-CoV-2 in individuals ? 16 years of age.” However, Pfizer and the FDA also had data showing that the “efficacy” of the vaccine waned quickly. The data shows that the effects of the vaccine wane in just one month, even after two doses are administered. However, the FDA did not warn the public that vaccinated individuals would need monthly boosters to make the vaccine work.Pfizer and FDA had clear evidence that vaccine causes widespread damagePfizer also had overwhelming data on the adverse events of the vaccine. The drug company knew that the adverse events increased with each additional booster shot, yet the FDA approved a two-shot protocol from the start and even approved a third booster, despite evidence of mounting health risks. In a series of documents, Pfizer wrote on page 24 about the dose-dependent nature of adverse events, which included severe grades of edema and erythema along with muscle necrosis, fibrosis and increased spleen size and weight. “The incidence and severity of the reactions were higher after the second or third injections compared with the first injection,” Pfizer wrote.Pfizer also had proof that the mRNA nano-particles migrated from the injection site, yet the government and the media repeatedly lied about the mRNA degrading and the whole process staying in the deltoid muscles. The vaccine ingredients migrated predominantly to the ovaries, liver and spleen, but also proliferated the adrenal glands, bladder, bone, bone marrow, eyes, large intestine, lymph nodes, pancreas, salivary glands, skin, small intestine, testes, thymus, thyroid and the uterus.Pfizer and the FDA had clear data showing more systemic adverse events occurring in the vaccinated group over the placebo group, yet they both lied to the public, claiming that the vaccinated had mild disease and the unvaccinated were a “public health threat.” Pfizer knew that the vaccinated were two to twenty-five times more likely to experience negative health impacts from the vaccine.In the documents, Pfizer adamantly preferred a passive adverse event surveillance system that relied on unsubstantiated reports that could be readily dismissed. Pfizer did not want to take on the added cost of accurately recording vaccine injuries, nor did they want to compensate families injured by their vaccines. Clearly, neither Pfizer, the FDA or the CDC gave proper informed consent for these vaccines, harming countless people for life, while lying to the public with disinformation and damaging the public’s trust.

Mega-rich, fake philanthropist Bill Gates has been exposed, through his own admissions on video, saying that he wants to rid the planet of a few billion people, so he’s in damage control mode now, showing up on fake news everywhere trying to seem like a nice guy who cares. Recently divorced from Melinda, Bill the “pharma shill” Gates, has launched a campaign of disinformation about Covid vaccines, global warming and GMOs in food in order to fulfill his depopulation agenda. As of late, Bill Gates is blaming the unvaccinated for spreading death, instead of the deadly Covid-19 vaccines he’s funding and promoting so virulently with propaganda.The tech geek billionaire is wildly claiming that 95 percent of all Covid deaths so far are unvaccinated people, which is impossible data for him to have already acquired. In fact, it’s mostly the other way around, where the vaccinated are dying off quickly, and nobody is sure whether it’s from Covid, Delta, or the blood-clotting mRNA and protein-payload Covid vaccines.Vaccine-promoting, globalist-psychopath Bill Gates apologizes for being friends with a child rapistBill Gates says his relationship with Jeffrey Epstein was a “huge mistake” as people are finding out he “hung out” with the ‘suicided’ child-rapist on a regular basis. Is there a painting of Bill Gates wearing a dress at Epstein’s pedo-island resort, like there is of “Slick Willy” Bill Clinton? Is that why the FBI raided the estate, to protect the perv-elites?Brighteon.TVMelinda Gates divorced Bill Gates because of his relationship with Jeffrey Epstein, by the way. Why would she be so upset that he simply “knows” another billionaire? Could it be that Bill is guilty of something horrible, other than poisoning people around the globe with his toxic GMO food and vaccines?Gates bragged to Anderson Cooper about his relationship with Jeffrey Epstein on CNN, the counterfeit news network, that he had “several dinners with him.” And what was for dessert, a “full-body massage” by a captured girl? Then Gates admitted after several more questions from Cooper that “it was a huge mistake to spend time with him…” and then Gates said there were “lots of others in that same situation.” What “situation” is that Bill, that Epstein now had leverage on you?In this video, Bill Gates brags at a TED conference about killing billions of people using vaccines and abortions. Have a watch and listen for yourself:Are humans being turned into walking lab rats infected and dying from GMOs?Bioengineered salmon by AquaBounty is the first genetically mutated animal approved for human consumption. Are you eating it? Will those who eat it suffer from hormone imbalances, since the fish are unnaturally gene-code embedded to grow much faster and larger? The FDA regulates GMO animals as “drugs.” Do people need a  prescription to eat GM salmon? Are your children’s doctors shooting deadly, experimental and untested GMOs into your children’s veins? Will the new Covid vaccines create humans who experience trillions of blood clots constantly from the protein prions their cells are now instructed to create?In this video, Bill “Eugenics” Gates tries to explain why is he buying a quarter-million acres of farmland in USA (Louisiana, Arkansas and Nebraska mainly), making him the #1 private farmland owner in the country. We find out much more about the hidden agenda of GM-salmon, and how they will be “released” into restaurants without anyone knowing, and soon.Watch and listen to Bill Gates admit the insanity of the Covid vaccines, literally warning us that there’s something to be worried about with modern medicine, about side effects, like from the Covid jabs:“We’re taking things that are genetically modified organisms, and we’re injecting them into little kid’s arms, we just SHOOT them right into the veins.”   — Bill GatesCheck out Pandemic.news for updates on these crimes against humanity and the upcoming “Delta” and Covid “booster-vaccine” Holocaust. Also, if you know someone who already got pricked with the blood-clotting Covid inoculations, and they’re suffering from lethargy, pain, clouded thinking or an inflamed heart, that’s called CoVax Syndrome, so tell them to report it to VAERS.

The Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccines are mass murder weapons, deadlier than guns, cannons and tanks combined.This surfaced after an analysis of figures from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) database revealed that 61,000 people, supposedly in the prime of their life, ages 25-44, died of vaccine-related causes in the U.S. in the fall and winter of 2021.Edward Dowd, a former BlackRock portfolio manager, made the appalling revelation during the March 10 episode of “The Alex Jones Show.”According to Dowd, an investment adviser on Wall Street, an insurance industry expert who is part of his team stumbled upon the buried truth when, looking for something else, he broke down the CDC figures by age and created his own baseline death rates from there.Showing charts the actuarian plotted from the figures, Dowd pointed at chart four as the punch line.“Basically, you see that millennials experienced 84 percent excess death in the fall and winter of 2021. So excess deaths accelerated when mandates and boosters hit,” Dowd told Jones.“And this age group is important because they’re healthy. And you can’t say that they, you know, miss their cancer screenings. This is ages 25 to 44. So this is just devastating evidence that the vaccines are causing this age group to die at an accelerating rate. (Related: Life insurance companies sound DEATH ALERT warnings over nearly 100,000 excess deaths per month happening right now in the USA.)“I know I showed percentages in that chart, but the actual bodies are 61,000. That’s the Vietnam War event that just occurred to the millennial generation – 58,000 died in the Vietnam War.”Brighteon.TVDowd said he’s certain the vaccines are the culprits because the acceleration started in the summer when the mandates started hitting in August and September last year.“And then [President Joe] Biden came out [announcing the mandates]. And boosters were also authorized and started happening. So let’s call this what it is. This is death by government mandate or democide, death by government. That’s what’s going on here.”The insurance companies have pointed at the alarming spike in vaccine-related deaths before, but the government refused to heed the warning and proceeded with the mass injections.Dowd could only speculate on why the “pyschos” in government did this.“Well, there’s two ways to look at this. Just good old-fashioned power and greed, or there was a plan hatched by some very evil people. I’m going with power and greed for now. But you know, as we roll through this very active fraud, it’s being exposed. There’s more and more evidence coming to the front that this is part of some sort of bigger grand plan.”Dowd’s suspicion grew after noticing that what’s happening in the U.S. is being replicated by other global governments that have mandated the vaccines.Government’s war on people“So this is a worldwide tragedy. And it’s a war. And whether the government knew it was a war on people, they’re currently at war on their own people. And it’s the most disgusting thing I’ve ever seen in my life.”Dowd related that a board member of a German insurer approached him two weeks ago and revealed their government was underreporting vaccine-related injuries by a factor of 25 to one. That is based on approximately three million Germans, or 3.6 percent of the total population, who were injured by vaccines enough to seek medical treatment.No wonder, Dowd is leaning toward the grand plan scheme now.That’s why his team is going to drop more charts, all interpreting the CDC data, until the true reason why there were more deaths in 2021 than 2020 is exposed.Citing more figures, Dowd said the over 65 generation saw 306,000 excess deaths in the second half of last year until February. “That is a World War II event,” explained Dowd, noting over 291,000 Americans died in the war. Dowd also pointed out that there’s a little over 1.1 million people in excess deaths in the U.S. since the pandemic began.Putting that figure into perspective, Dowd said “1.1 million excess deaths equates to 4,000 World Trade Center events.”And still, the mainstream media is talking about Ukraine, Dowd lamented. “We just literally had a war here on our own soil. “We’re at war with someone and it’s occurring.”

As predicted, the Big Pharma machine is already talking about pushing a fourth Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) “vaccine” on the masses in a way similar to seasonal flu shots.Pfizer CEO Albert Bourla appeared on CBS News‘ “Face the Nation” with Margaret Brennan to deliver pre-scripted talking points about how people are going to need a fourth injection in order to stay “immune” against the Fauci Flu.“Do you think that we will every fall have to prepare ourselves with a booster shot for COVID just like we get a flu shot?” Brennan asked Bourla.“I think so,” he responded.“Many variants are coming and omicron was the first one that was able to evade in a skillful way the immune protection that we are giving. But also in order, the duration of the protection doesn’t last very long. So, what we are trying to do is to make not only a vaccine that will protect against all variants, including omicron, but also something that can protect for at least a year.”You can watch a clip of the segment below.According to Bourla, it is absolutely necessary that people get a “fourth boost” because the third shot, which was originally called a “booster,” is “not that good against infections and it doesn’t last that long.”“Right now, the protection that we are getting from the third, it is good enough, actually quite good for hospitalizations and deaths,” Bourla said, though he admitted that the third shot is pretty much useless for infections.Brighteon.TV“We are just submitting data to the FDA and will wait to hear what other experts say outside of Pfizer.”Bourla wants everyone to get injected with annual Pfizer COVID shotsPeople have been banned on social media platforms like Twitter for saying the very same thing that Bourla is now admitting about the shots not working as claimed, by the way. But for some reason, Bourla always gets a free pass to say whatever he wants.At one point, Bourla actually called for parents who utter “disinformation” about his Pfizer shots to be punished as criminals.Bourla’s company also said that it is “proud to stand with China leaders” as among its many globalist partners pushing new pharmaceutical “innovations” like Fauci Flu shots. Bourla said Pfizer is now working “very diligently” to come up with an annual injection that will supposedly provide year-long protection against all versions of the Fauci Flu that will inevitably be announced by the White House and its corporate-controlled media partners.“Pretty ballsy of him not to have fled the country yet,” wrote one commenter about Bourla.“He certainly is not reading the room,” joked another about how Bourla clearly does not understand how most people feel concerning his injections.“I will never trust a doctor ever again, nor any government agency trying to tell us what to do to be ‘safe,'” wrote someone else. “Too many sold their souls and could give a s**t about our individual health; only drink the kool-aid and follow the globalist agenda.”Another pointed out that if Bourla gets his wish about a fourth COVID “booster” injection, there will surely be a fifth, sixth, seventh and infinite number of additional shots pushed on the masses.“This guy is stalling and awaiting bought approval for the next mRNA disease panacea,” suggested someone else. “The infrastructure is now in place for the next mass rollouts of low temp product. They are not going to let it all go away. Pumping boosters until then.”

Data from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) proves that there was a surge in deaths among millennials in the United States after the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccine mandates were implemented.According to the data, the millennial generation in the U.S. suffered more than 61,000 excess deaths during the second half of 2021 alone.Edward Dowd, a former portfolio manager for Wall Street investment firm BlackRock, who made a career out of crunching numbers to make important investment decisions, recently went public with his analysis of CDC data.On the social media website Gettr, where Dowd first published the results of his analysis, he wrote that the millennial generation experienced “a Vietnam War event,” noting that 58,000 Americans died during that conflict.“Understand this data comes from the CDC,” said The New American journalist Ben Armstrong on an episode of his show on the media network, “The Ben Armstrong Show.”“So, you know, it’s most likely even worse than what I’m reporting, because you know, the CDC has not been forthright and everything,” he continued. (Related: ALARM BELLS: All-cause death rates in US have increased by 40% compared to pre-pandemic levels.)“You could say the CDC conducted a Vietnam War on millennials,” said Armstrong. “And I think this is the low-end stuff, folks. It’s using the CDC, who has been covering up and lying to everybody [about] their own stuff, so you know it has to be on the low-end. It has to be. This is the stuff that they think looks good.”Brighteon.TVMillennials experienced “worst-ever excess mortality” event due to COVID-19 vaccinesIn an interview with Steve Bannon’s show “War Room,” Dowd described what he found as “shocking” and called it the “worst-ever excess mortality, I think, in history.”According to Dowd’s analysis, millennials in the U.S., or people between the ages of 25 and 40, experienced an 84 percent increase in excess mortality in the fall of 2021.This was the highest increase in excess deaths among all age groups last year. It was seven times higher than excess deaths among the Silent Generation, born between 1928 to 1945, with the youngest members of that generation being 76 years old.Dowd’s data also highlights that the surge in excess deaths hit millennials at the same time the COVID-19 vaccine mandates were introduced.“And then [excess deaths] re-accelerated into the end of the year,” said Dowd. This coincides with the time when the COVID-19 booster vaccines were introduced in the United States.“I think this is the smoking gun that the vaccines are causing excess mortality in all age groups,” said Dowd. “So, I’m going to put a word out there. It’s an old word but it should be reintroduced into the conversation. It’s called democide: Death by government. So the government, through the mandates, has killed people.”Dowd noted that the estimate of 61,000 excess deaths among millennials in 2021 is a low estimate. “It takes time for millennial-aged deaths to be reported because they’re usually not hospital deaths,” he said. “So, that data’s going to be updated and it’s probably gonna show that continued, disturbing trend.”Dowd said he worked with an insurance expert in compiling and analyzing the data. He also worked with Brook Jackson, a whistleblower who was contracted to work on one of Pfizer’s clinical trials for its vaccine.An acquaintance on Wall Street, who Dowd called a senior chief risk officer, or an actuary, learned about Dowd’s research and asked to compare notes. This leads Dowd to believe that the financial community will soon respond to the excess deaths caused by the vaccines.“If you’re on Wall Street and you still think Pfizer and Moderna are good buys, I’ve got news for you: There’s some catalysts coming that are probably not going to be good for holding those stocks,” said Dowd. He added that the liability protections afforded to Big Pharma companies by the federal government will probably not protect them this time.

A blogger who calls himself “A Midwestern Doctor” has issued a warning that Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) “vaccine” adverse events are far more prominent than many people realize.Potentially millions of “fully vaccinated” people are now suffering with a range of jab-induced illnesses that may or may not be curable. And the unfortunate reality for them is that they will probably never find the answers or solutions they need.“I’ve tried to use very neutral language to describe these events, but this has been a very difficult process for me to watch,” the doctor wrote, referring to the many stories that are pouring in from jab-damaged folks.“Many of the people I know and have guided through the process have access to options for mitigating these injuries, something most people don’t. I’ve read through various support groups, and in general found their experiences are typically worse than what I am describing here as they are not privileged to have access to way to mitigate the harm.”Initially, it was believed that the more serious side effects, at least, would be minimal. Only a tiny fraction of people, we were told, would even know they took the shots afterwards because their health would be just fine. This is proving to be false.“Once the vaccine was release to the general public, I began seeing patients appear for various acute autoimmune and neurological conditions (I would classify as ‘moderate’) immediately following vaccination at a much higher rate than I had expected,” the doctor wrote.“Each time they told me the other doctors they saw either insisted the reaction was either not linked to vaccination, or the fact they had the reaction was a really good sign, because if they ended up getting COVID the adverse event would have been much, much worse. Shortly after, I then began having friends contact me inquiring if the vaccine could cause a fatal heart attack or stroke, something I had not anticipated would occur.”COVID injections are causing “very strange effects” that doctors “cannot explain the mechanism forAs the official narrative surrounding the “safe and effective” injections continued to crumble, the doctor began compiling data to compare what is actually happening in real life to what the corporate-controlled media and the government are claiming is the case.“My primary reason for all of this is that everyone likes to say ‘severe reactions to vaccines are 1/1,000,000,” the doctor adds. “My logic was there is absolutely no way I know 1,000,000 people through one degree of separation.”“My guess is I know 50,000-100,000 people through one degree of separation so at the absolutely most I will hear of 10 percent of the cases (probably less) within this sample, so if I have at least 10 cases of severe injury within this sample that is a large red flag.”Among the deadly side effects observed by the doctor are:• Strokes, likely strokes and blood clots• Hemorrhages• Heart conditions• Sudden death (unknown cause)• Anaphylaxis and allergies• Other neurological conditions• Psychiatric conditions• Autoimmune disorders and chronic fatigue• Immune suppression and cancer• Menstrual irregularities and miscarriages• Birth defectsThere are also other “very strange effects,” the doctor further noted, that “I cannot explain the mechanism for.” This is perhaps due to the fact that messenger RNA (mRNA) technology has never before been used in humans, and thus the damage it causes is new to those in the medical field.

If Wuhan coronavirus (Covid-19) “vaccines” are really “safe and effective” as the government claims, then why are there hundreds of stories about people who were seriously injured or killed by them documented in detail at CovidVaccineVictims.com?Founded in January 2021 on Telegram, CovidVaccineVictims.com is a new resource where you can read all about the many people whose lives were destroyed by Fauci Flu shots. It is a sobering experience to look through them all, but it is also an important one that might help to bring positive change to the current trajectory.Since we are constantly being told by the “authorities” that there is no reason not to get jabbed with a Wuhan Flu shot, CovidVaccineVictims.com is a powerful rebuttal to that unsubstantiated claim.“President” Joe Biden, for instance, whined recently that there is no good reason for anyone who is “unvaccinated” to wait any longer. He then proceeded to whisper in the ear of America that everyone needs to “get vaccinated” promptly – what are you waiting for?The answer to that question, Pedo Joe, is that people who are actually doing their homework know that Chinese Virus injections are not safe, nor are they effective. They are harming more people than any other jab ever has.How many more people need to die before the covid vaccine genocide comes to an end?One of the victims shown on the site is Erica Kay Darr, 40, who “passed away unexpectedly following a Covid-19 vaccine.” Another is 56-year-old Fernando Katukina, an indigenous American who suffered fatal cardiac arrest after his injection.Brighteon.TVForty-four-year-old Stefano Paternò from Italy died just 16 hours after getting injected with the AstraZeneca vaccine. His brain began to bleed until he eventually passed away, leaving behind a wife and two children.A young woman from Israel by the name of Shirel Hilel, 22, developed severe inflammation of the heart after receiving a Pfizer injection. She later died of cardiac arrest.Rapper DMX (born Earl Simmons) is also listed as a victim, as he, too, died from cardia arrest not long after receiving his injection.Davide Bristot, an 18-year-old from Italy, was also reported dead not long after receiving his Chinese Flu shot. He and many other young people listed on the site were healthy and normal prior to their injections.All ages, races and body types are depicted in the archive, suggesting that Chinese Virus jabs do not necessarily discriminate based on pre-existing health conditions or body fat content.One of the victims shown was a 26-year-old doctor from India who took the jab and began to feel unwell. Her husband, who is also a doctor, quickly administered pain medication but the woman passed just hours later while at the hospital.TheCovidBlog.com is another site where you will find stories about people whose lives were ruined or ended by Wuhan Flu shots. These are presented more as blog articles, while the stories at CovidVaccineVictims.com are displayed as picture tiles where you can see the victims’ faces.CovidVaccineVictims.com also has a podcast section where you can listen to a series called “Voices of the Victims.” Each episode features interviews with people who have either experienced or witnessed an injury or death caused by covid injections.A quick note from the author of this story: It has come to my attention that some shared Wi-Fi networks will not allow access to CovidVaccineVictims.com. An erroneous pop-up message claims that the site poses “phishing” risks. If you experience this, let us know about it in the comment section. It would seem as though the powers that be really do not want this information to get out there.

Imogen Allen was healthy and spry prior to getting “vaccinated” for the Wuhan coronavirus (Covid-19). Now, however, the 22-year-old champion show jumper has developed two massive blood clots in her lungs that could prevent her from ever riding again.As we have come to expect, the mainstream media is calling Allen’s clots “an incredibly rare reaction,” even though it is one of the most common adverse effects to occur post-jab.According to reports, Allen was taking contraceptives at the time when she got injected with Fauci Flu shots. This, the corporate media is insinuating, could be the real cause behind Allen’s newly formed blood clots.Allen took the Moderna injections that were pushed by Donald “father of the vaccine” Trump under “Operation Warp Speed,” which sent the experimental jabs to the four corners of the world in a matter of weeks.Trusting what the “authorities” were telling everyone, Allen rolled up her sleeve believing that it would help to “flatten the curve” while keeping her “safe.” Instead, she was left for dead by the Big Pharma poison.While Allen is still alive, she will probably never ride horses again because a simple bump to the head or even a cut could kill her since she will have to take blood-thinning medication for the rest of her life.Allen might also have to get surgery due to the clots that developed in her lungs just days after being injected with Moderna’s mRNA clot shot. Life as she once knew it is now gone forever.Brighteon.TV“I was always wary of something happening, and it just shows that I had every right to be, because look at me now,” Allen is quoted as saying.Fauci Flu shots are destroying lives one injection at a timeIt was first discovered that something was wrong with Allen after she collapsed during a recent family holiday with her boyfriend. Allen was later diagnosed with a bilateral pulmonary thromboembolism.Allen had just secured a job as a police officer, but is now being recommended to forego that position, which she desired all her life, because her vaccine-induced illness could prevent her from performing her duties as needed.Allen is hoping to reapply for the position at some point in the future, assuming her health improves. If she has to stay on blood thinners for the rest of her life, though, that might never happen.“It’s devastating,” Allen told the British media. “I have been interested in the police since I was 18. I have absolutely no idea what I’m going to do now. Work isn’t even on the horizon.”Every day since getting jabbed, Allen has been mostly confined to her bed. She described her new post-vaccine life as “depressing,” calling it “a massive setback” for everything she had planned for the future.“Even brushing my teeth and hair I was panting and had to take breaks,” Allen says about what the jab did to her. “Sleeping on my side just felt like it was crushing my lungs. It was like every breath I took just didn’t do anything.”As part of her post-injection treatments, Allen has had to suffer through numerous excruciating injections that were jabbed into her belly. These injections contained various drug cocktails supposedly designed to relieve some of the strain on her heart.Allen says the many hours she has had to spend alone in the hospital because of her country’s Chinese Virus restriction was something “like a horror film.”“Yeah, this is really bad,” Allen is quoted as saying.

A vaccinologist at the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota said he developed tinnitus after his second dose of an mRNA COVID-19 vaccine.(Article by Nolan E. Bowman republished from ChildrensHealthDefense.org)Dr. Gregory Poland’s symptoms began 90 minutes after receiving the vaccine. He described the condition as “fairly severe” and “extraordinarily bothersome, interfering with sleep and the ability to concentrate.”Tinnitus is defined as hearing sounds when no actual, external sounds are present. Some people report:Ringing in the ears.Buzzing, hissing, whistling, swooshing and clicking.Thumping.Hearing music when none is being played.According to data released March 4 by the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS), 19,630 people have reported developing tinnitus after a COVID vaccine. There are no VAERS data on whether or not this condition resolved or is ongoing.A Dec. 14, 2021 Johnson & Johnson (J&J) “Fact Sheet for Recipients and Caregivers” lists tinnitus as a side effect of the Janssen COVID vaccine, marketed by J&J.Pfizer and Moderna do not note any causal connection between the vaccine and hearing issues, according to ABC News, and neither the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention nor U.S. Food and Drug Administration list the condition as a side effect.Tinnitus is also a symptom of COVID, especially among “long-haulers.” Texas Roadhouse CEO Kent Taylor last year committed suicide after experiencing severe post-COVID symptoms, including tinnitus.Brighteon.TVSpike protein in virus, vaccine may cause trigger tinnitusPoland last month hosted a video discussion with two leading tinnitus researchers, Konstantina Stankovic, M.D., Ph.D., and Shaowen Bao, Ph.D., during which they  examined the mechanisms of tinnitus.Stankovic, a professor at Stanford University School of Medicine, has been studying tinnitus in COVID patients since the beginning of the pandemic.Of the 10 patients she studied who had COVID and tinnitus, all of them had “either reduced or non-existent hair function.”She found the virus entered the inner ear cells and “preferentially affected hair cells,” referring to the hair cells of the cochlea, an integral part of the inner ear and the organ responsible for the conversion of sound into an electrical signal the brain then interprets.“The virus causing COVID-19 can directly infect the human inner ear cells, and this could explain what we are seeing,” Stankovic said.Researchers estimate nearly 15% of people who recovered from COVID developed tinnitus, and this condition is now associated with long COVID.Poland, who got a booster shot despite developing tinnitus after his second COVID shot, raised the question of whether or not that was the right thing to do.Bao, an associate professor at the University of Arizona, said his research on vaccine-induced tinnitus, which is awaiting peer review, indicates the spike protein —  present in the virus and in the vaccine — is a likely contributor to tinnitus.Although Bao did not identify a molecular mechanism for spike protein-induced tinnitus, results from his own survey indicate the incidence of tinnitus following the first shot is 10% higher than that following the second shot, a small but statistically significant percentage.This indicates a spike protein-mediated effect and not an immune response effect because the immune response is known to be greater after the second dose, Bao said.From his survey of 400 people who developed post-vaccination tinnitus, 100 chose to receive a second dose of the vaccine despite having unresolved tinnitus from the first injection, Bao said. Of those 100 people, 38% reported worsening symptoms after the second dose, a much higher risk than the 70 per million cases reported in VAERS.Bao concluded that, for unknown reasons, some people are more predisposed than others to this adverse event.Poland decided to get the booster shot. His tinnitus went away for about 24 hours only to return at a higher pitch, he said.Poland did not return calls from The Defender about whether his condition has improved and if he reported it to VAERS.More research needed, experts say“These experts’ observations highlight the challenge we have in identifying the real cause of the conditions endured by people during the pandemic,” said Dr. Madhava Setty, senior science editor for The Defender.Setty added:“The spike protein has been implicated as the cause of many ailments following both vaccination and COVID-19, from myocarditis to clotting disorders. We cannot know which is more dangerous, the virus or the vaccine, if we do not have a large number of unvaccinated people to observe.”The American Tinnitus Association (ATA) encourages people who develop tinnitus after a COVID vaccine to report it to VAERS.The association states that manufacturers of COVID vaccines currently don’t list tinnitus as an expected adverse reaction (although, as reported, J&J does list it).The ATA states:“At present, none of the available coronavirus vaccines include information on tinnitus as a side effect. It is only through the reporting of side effects that adjustments are made in the list of common or rare side effects, so please report any adverse events that occur after vaccination.”Poland, Stankovic and Bao concluded tinnitus should not deter people from getting their booster shots, and said more research on tinnitus is desperately needed due to its “tremendous ill effect on people’s health and well-being and healthcare costs.”According to the ATA:“Millions of Americans experience tinnitus, often to a debilitating degree, making it one of the most common health conditions in the country. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control estimates that nearly 15% of the general public — over 50 million Americans — experience some form of tinnitus. Roughly 20 million people struggle with burdensome chronic tinnitus, while 2 million have extreme and debilitating cases.”Scientists and doctors are still getting a better understanding of this condition and ways to treat it, Bao and Stankovic said. A variety of causes have been identified, and some people experience it as an acute, temporary condition, while for others it is chronic and ongoing. It can also lead to hearing loss.There are no available evidence-based therapeutics for treating tinnitus. Some people have seen positive results with white noise therapy. Targeting inflammation might yield the best therapeutic strategies, Bao said.

The CEO of one of Germany’s largest health insurance carriers was abruptly fired from his job last month after releasing truthful data about Wuhan coronavirus (Covid-19) “vaccine” injuries.Andreas Schofbeck of BKK / ProVita, whom we have reported on in the past, reported an unexpected jump in jab-related health insurance claims. In February, he notified the Paul Ehrlich Institute about it, PEI being the German equivalent of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).Schofbeck’s BKK filing exposed the PEI for underreporting adverse events related to Fauci Flu shots. Here is part of what Schofbeck wrote in his letter to the PEI about this anomaly:“If these figures are extrapolated to the whole year and to the population in Germany, probably 2.5-3 million people in Germany have received medical treatment for vaccination side effects after Corona vaccination.”Dr. Dirk Heinrich, chairman of NAV-Virchow Bund, an association of private medical practitioners in Germany, responded with claims that the PEI and BKK will be working closely together to examine the billing code data. He went on to blast Schofbeck’s letter as “complete nonsense.”Truth be told, Schofbeck’s letter is anything but complete nonsense. If anything tells a more accurate story about Wuhan Flu shot damage, it is health insurance data.“… that’s because insurers are highly motivated to carefully track any anomalies in their data that could profoundly affect their profits and losses,” explains The Defender.Brighteon.TV“The BKK data, in concert with U.S. insurance industry data and adverse event reports collected by a survey conducted by the Israeli Ministry of Health (MOH), reveal an emerging pattern of underreporting of COVID vaccine-related injuries and deaths.”German authorities refuse to acknowledge the deadly truth about covid injectionsAccording to Schofbeck’s letter, which is dated February 21, data from some 10.9 million people was analyzed. Based on this, it was discovered that 216,695 people were being treated for a covid jab adverse event during the first 2.5 quarters of 2021.Extrapolated over an entire year for a population of 83 million people, this data suggests that as many as 2.5 to 3 million people are likely receiving treatment for a Fauci Flu shot injury, or about 4-5 percent of all “fully vaccinated” people in Germany.“Our first assumption is that, since no compensation is paid for reporting vaccine adverse events, reporting to the Paul Ehrlich Institute is often not done because of the great expense involved,” Schofbeck explains in the letter.“Physicians have reported to us that reporting a suspected vaccine adverse event takes about half an hour. This means that 3 million suspected cases of vaccine adverse events require about 1.5 million working hours of physicians.”In conclusion, Schofbeck warned that this serves as a “significant warning signal” about the true risk associated with covid injections, adding that their “danger to human life cannot be ruled out.”Despite claiming publicly that it would work with BKK to review the data, the PEI has done absolutely nothing, and Schofbeck is no longer BKK / ProVita’s CEO.German researcher and physician Dr. Florian Schilling conducted an analysis as well, which found that the PEI’s reported numbers for covid jab injuries in 2021 were seven times lower than BKK’s calculations.“PEI’s reported numbers were 13.86 times lower than BKK’s projections when compared to the 14 month period since the vaccine rollout,” The Defender reported.“Using this factor, Schilling calculated more than 400,000 serious AEs and over 31,000 deaths from AEs have occurred since the beginning of the vaccination campaign.”Indiana-based OneAmerica, another life insurance carrier, has similarly reported a “stunning” 40 percent increase in deaths compared to pre-covid jab levels.

Contrary to what we have all been led to believe, there is still no available vaccine for the Wuhan coronavirus (Covid-19) that has been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the “prevention of COVID-19 disease in individuals 16 years of age and older.”Pfizer’s “Comirnaty” injection was approved (sort of) back in the fall, however it is not legally interchangeable with the Pfizer injections that people have been receiving under emergency use authorization (EUA).This distinction has created a lot of confusion over whether or not the jabs can legally be pushed on the masses. It turns out that they cannot, though this is being done anyway using sleight of hand.On August 23, the FDA did supposedly grant full approval for Comirnaty, which the Biden regime used as leverage to coerce millions into taking the shots. However, Comirnaty has not yet made its way into the United States and there appears to be no plans to make it available here anytime soon.“As a reasonable explanation, early on, Pfizer and its government allies claimed that Comirnaty was not yet available because the EUA shots were still lining the shelves, and the FDA-approved version would soon be made available to all,” reported Great Game India about the situation.“It has been over 4 months now, since full approval, but Comirnaty is still not being distributed.”Law passed under Reagan requires that experimental children’s-version vaccines receive full approval before drug companies can obtain stronger legal immunityIt is important to emphasize that the FDA recognizes Comirnaty as a “legally distinct” product with “certain differences” compared to the EUA product from Pfizer-BioNTech.At the same time, the FDA, which has financial ties to Pfizer, claims that the safety and effectiveness of both the EUA and the approved shots is the same.“‘Fact checkers’ leverage the latter point of safety and efficacy to claim that people are still getting access to ingredients akin to the fully approved product,” Great Game India added.The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has also confirmed that Comirnaty is “not orderable at this time,” and that “Pfizer does not plan to produce any product with these NDCs (National Drug Codes) and labels over the next few months while EUA authorized product is still available and being made available for U.S. distribution.”Why, you might be asking, is Pfizer refusing to make the fully authorized version available? The answer appears to be that Pfizer does not want to open itself up to legal liability issues.While an EUA does fully protect a drug-maker while granting zero legal recourse to the patient, a law passed during the Reagan Administration requires that a drug first secure full approval for the children’s version of the jab before more robust legal immunity from lawsuits for injuries and deaths can be granted.“The National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act (NCVIA), which was passed into law in 1986, provides a legal liability shield to drug manufacturers if they receive full authorization for all ages,” reports explain.“Now is this the reason why Pfizer is seeking approval for children so that it can protect itself from lawsuits?”Since pharmaceutical companies are involved, this is almost guaranteed to be the case – because everyone knows that the drug industry only cares about one thing: profits. But is there another reason why not only Pfizer but also Moderna and Johnson & Johnson (J&J) are “working relentlessly to authorize their products for children, who face near-zero risk from COVID-19, but continue to showcase alarming side effects from the vaccine?”The answer appears to be that these company crave an extensive, additional layer of protection from lawsuits that can only be obtained if Comirnaty becomes available for all ages.

In a recent interview with Nick De Bois, Jamie Jenkins, the former head of health and labor market analysis at the British Office for National Statistics, revealed a statistic that really puts into perspective the scam that is Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19).In order to prevent just one person from having to be admitted to an intensive care unit (ICU) for COVID, a shocking two million children must get “double-vaccinated” for the Fauci Flu.Keep in mind that children have zero risk of dying from COVID.Four million doses of the shots total must be dispensed into children’s arms, putting them at serious risk of adverse events, in order to stop one single person from getting admitted to an ICU somewhere.“JCVI has said that vaccination of children aged 5 to 11 years who are not in a clinical risk group would prevent a relatively small number of hospitalizations or intensive care admissions,” Jenkins’ website stated, citing other data from British health authorities.“For a variant like omicron, it would take around four million vaccine doses to two million children to prevent one admission to ICU.”To prevent one child hospitalization involving a less-severe illness, 58,000 other children would need to get vaccinated, Jenkins further revealed.“Children admitted recently to hospital with COVID had an average length of stay of 1-2 days,” he said. “The omicron wave saw no more children in hospital than before omicron hit in the United Kingdom.”Children 51 times more likely to die from jab than COVIDDr. Stephanie Seneff and researcher Kathy Dopp put together a cost-benefit analysis that further found that children under the age of 18 are 51 times more likely to die from the jab than they are from COVID if unvaccinated.It is far better, in other words, for a child to remain unvaccinated with natural immunity than it is for a child to get a potentially lethal COVID injection.The results of that cost-benefit analysis combined with the revelations that Jenkins put forth solidify the fact that getting jabbed for the Fauci Flu is a really bad thing to do, especially for children.As people figure this all out, billionaire eugenicist Bill Gates is really “sad,” saying that the omicron (moronic) variant came along and put a damper on the mass injection campaign.“Sadly, the virus itself, particularly the variant called omicron, is a type of vaccine in that it creates both T cell and B cell immunity, and it’s done a better job of getting out to the population than we have with vaccines,” Gates is quoted as saying.Pfizer is actually taking a step back from pushing its lethal injections on children and toddlers under five. For the time being, that push has been suspended – but chances are it will be resurrected at a later date when the next “variant” arrives.Meanwhile, evidence continues to mount showing that myocarditis risk in young vaccinated people, and especially young vaccinated men, is anything but “rare” as the corporate-controlled media and the government are claiming.Based on the latest data from Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS), the current rate of myocarditis is about 6.5 per 100,000 doses in the 12-17 age group.“Assuming the rate of myocarditis in 5- to 11-year-olds is identical to that of 12- to 17-year-olds, we could potentially be looking at 260 cases of myocarditis for every ICU admission for COVID that we prevent,” reported the Daily Exposé, referring to Jenkins’ ICU example.“On the whole, the COVID jab provides only risk for children under 18, so there’s absolutely no justification for it.”

Pfizer document admits that covid “vaccines” cause severe adverse reactions03/07/2022 / By Ethan HuffInternal documentation from Pfizer reveals that the company’s Wuhan coronavirus (Covid-19) “vaccine” is anything but safe and effective.Starting on page 30 of a newly uncovered company document, an exhaustive list of serious adverse reactions to the shot is fully outlined. That list spans over eight full pages.Pfizer intended for this information to remain hidden from the public, warning that “dissemination of this information outside of Pfizer, its Affiliates, its Licensees, or Regulatory Agencies is strictly prohibited.”“The information contained in this document is proprietary and confidential,” the document further states.“Except as may be otherwise agreed to in writing, by accepting or reviewing these materials, you agree to hold such information in confidence and not to disclose it to others (except where required by applicable law), nor to use it for unauthorized purposes.”Fortunately for the public, the restricted document was leaked. We now know that Pfizer’s Fauci Flu shot causes an array of serious health problems including 1p36 deletion syndrome, which the National Library of Medicine (NLM) describes as “a disorder that typically causes severe intellectual disability.”1p36 deletion syndrome is pretty severe, it turns out, leaving most affected individuals unable to speak, “or speak only a few words.” Those who succumb to it can also “have temper tantrums, bite themselves, or exhibit other behavior problems.”The full list of “Adverse Events of Special Interest” caused by Pfizer’s covid injection is far too long to publish here, but you can read it in full at Newspunch.Will the plandemic criminals ever be held accountable for their crimes against humanity?As you will see, there are hundreds upon hundreds of side effects caused by the shots that the corporate-controlled media is refusing to acknowledge. The government is just as bad when it comes to hiding the truth about these serious risks.“The truth has been available for anyone wanting to look,” wrote someone at Newspunch about the situation. “It seems more of it comes out every day and is getting traction online and in some media.”“I can’t help but compare this to the CIA information management programs we’ve seen in the past,” this same person added. “Remember 911? Much outrage followed by an ‘official’ report. Now there exists enough widespread skepticism over the conspiracy that allowed 911 to create a Truth commission and subpoena all involved.”This will likely never happen, though, because it just never does. The culprits almost always get away with their crimes because too few people are willing to take them to task and hold them accountable.“It’s all in the past! Leave well-enough alone,” the same commenter wrote about how the tactic usually works. “Same pattern developing here … Bush, Fauci, Biden, and even Trump will be buried with honors and remembered as heroes.”Someone else thanked God for this and other information releases that have helped those who are paying attention avoid injuring or possibly killing themselves with these deadly injections.“I am so happy that I have faith in Him and not in man,” this person added. “God is great. Love Him so much.”Just days after the Pfizer injection was unleashed under Operation Warp Speed back in late December of 2021, Dr. James Lyons-Weiler confirmed that the Pfizer injection causes autoimmune disease. At the time, though, everyone was focused on the stolen election, so it all got buried.“They know word of mouth is the MOST potent form of information dispersal, so it’s pointless trying to [cover it up],” wrote another commenter about how the plandemic jig is just about up.

As The Epoch Times and other media outlets reported yesterday, a shocking new study conducted at Lund University in Sweden has confirmed that mRNA nanoparticles from Pfizer’s covid-19 vaccine enter human cells and are reverse-transcripted into DNA, achieving a permanent alteration of the person’s genetic code.This is something that the CDC lied about for the last several years, claiming it was impossible.The study is published in the journal Molecular Biology. It’s entitled, “Intracellular Reverse Transcription of Pfizer BioNTech COVID-19 mRNA Vaccine BNT162b2 In Vitro in Human Liver Cell Line.”The study concludes that, “BNT162b2 mRNA is reverse transcribed intracellularly into DNA as fast as 6 [hours] after BNT162b2 exposure.”This means the vaccine alters your genetic code in mere hours after being injected. This may help explain why cancer rates are exploding in people who take covid vaccines. The integrity of their DNA is being destroyed.It is also yet more proof that the mRNA particles from the vaccine do, indeed, circulate throughout the body and don’t stay restricted to the injection site. That’s another lie told to the world by the CDC, Big Tech and the pharma-funded corporate media which has been caught in lie after lie when it comes to covid origins and vaccine safety.The CDC continues to lie and deceive the public about mRNA vaccines altering your DNAAs pointed out by The Epoch Times, the CDC’s web page entitled, “Myths and Facts about COVID-19 Vaccines” still asserts the lie about vaccines not altering your DNA, claiming:The genetic material delivered by mRNA vaccines never enters the nucleus of your cells, which is where your DNA is kept. Viral vector COVID-19 vaccines deliver genetic material to the cell nucleus to allow our cells to build protection against COVID-19. However, the vector virus does not have the machinery needed to integrate its genetic material into our DNA, so it cannot alter our DNA.It turns out the CDC was lying all along. No one is surprised to learn this, and it begs the obvious question: What else is the CDC lying about? What other truths are they hiding from the public?The CDC lied about vaccine distribution throughout your body, and they lied about vaccines altering your DNA. The CDC, which owns thousands of patents on vaccines, is actually a vaccine criminal cartel and propaganda operation that deliberately misleads the public about vaccines in order to sell deadly poison to the masses.The CDC, in other words, is a pharmaceutical crime cartel that carries out crimes against humanity in order to enrich Big Pharma (and themselves).TheCovidWorld.com has also found that the mRNA code injected into people as part of the covid vaccines contains a gp130 cancer-causing gene sequence. While more research is needed, it appears the mRNA vaccine may actually “program” human DNA to grow cancer tumors.Get the full story in today’s Situation Update podcast below. The vaccine discussion starts at 34:50. Before that, we cover Joe Biden’s Slur of the Union Address and you get to hear me belt out lines from the song, “I Give You My Word” as performed by President Komacho (Terry Crews) in the film Idiocracy … which turns out to be a documentary of the Biden administration.

Social media giant Facebook has been running a campaign in collusion with institutions promoting the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccines that have already injured or killed millions.An article named the platform founded by Mark Zuckerberg as part of the Alliance for Advancing Health Online (AAHO). Branded as a “multi-year initiative,” AAHO seeks to “advance public understanding of how social media and behavioral sciences can be leveraged to improve the health of communities around the world.”Several entities are also part of AAHO, including the World Bank, the World Health Organization, pharmaceutical company Merck and the CDC Foundation – the latter being independent from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.A June 2021 press release about the alliance said Facebook and Merck have committed $20 million each to AAHO, which is initially set to address “vaccine hesitancy and vaccine equity” among underserved communities. (Related: Facebook relies on Gates-funded W.H.O. to define ‘vaccine misinformation.’)Several White House staffers received an email in June 2021 about AAHO’s formation. These include senior COVID-19 response adviser Becca Siegel and Department of Health and Human Services Director of Digital Engagement Tericka Lambert. White House Presidential Innovation Fellow Georgeta Dragoiu, who is connected with the White House’s COVID-19 Vaccine Public Education Strategy and Media Campaign, also received the email.It is unclear how the White House responded to the email about AAHO. The Epoch Times sent inquiries to the entities involved, such as Facebook’s parent company Meta, the White House press office and the individual recipients. However, it did not receive responses as of writing.Brighteon.TVCDC Foundation Communications Director Amy Tolchinsky, meanwhile, released a written statement about its involvement in AAHO. “While we are not involved in its operations, received any funding for our involvement or provided any funding, our association with AAHO – which was publicly announced in June of 2021 – is a way to educate the public about the safety and efficacy of vaccines to a broader audience,” her statement said.AAHO denounced as government-sponsored propagandaSeveral experts, who were censored by Facebook for refusing to adhere to the medical establishment’s narrative, spoke out against the AAHO, telling the Epoch Times that it is a front for suppressing what authorities consider as misinformation regarding vaccines. Lockdown critic Dr. Jay Bhattacharya said: “[It’s] difficult for me to understand this as anything other than a government propaganda campaign.”Front Line COVID-19 Critical Care Alliance President Dr. Pierre Kory said there is no “scientifically-supported public health objective for getting people vaccinated.” According to the doctor, who promotes the use of ivermectin as a COVID-19 treatment, he believes Facebook has potentially placed itself in the legal role of “state actor.” Kory added that by promoting vaccines and censoring reports of serious reactions, the social media platform could be held liable for vaccine-related injuries.Meanwhile, mRNA vaccine technology inventor Dr. Robert Malone said: “If Facebook wants to play doctor, then it has to fulfill the professional and ethical obligations of the profession.” This includes disclosing the potential risks of the COVID-19 vaccines.He added that AAHO “poses a direct violation of ethical responsibilities in medicine” – which includes disclosing the dangers of any recommended treatments and any alternative treatment options. A victim of Big Tech censorship himself, Malone was banned from Twitter after raising safety concerns about the shots.Aaron Siri, lawyer for the Informed Consent Action Network, said a tripartite alliance between Big Government, Big Tech and Big Pharma is “by the very least, [a] mammoth campaign” to suppress free speech rights guaranteed by the First Amendment. He told the Epoch Times: “It creates a dangerous precedent when social media outlets are carrying the government’s message while suppressing messaging that’s contrary to what the government is trying to promote.”

Today it was yet another beautiful spring day in Oregon and it appeared that many people were breaking their chains of lockdown in order to drive or walk or even sit on the porch to bide their time.  For the first time in weeks, I did not watch the morning news. I am growing tired of the whole exercise and I am getting tired of the idea that for some reason we are becoming hermits because of an organized effort by the media to tell you that life has risks.  The one particular risk is COVID-19.  Before COVID-19 happened, you went about your lives without thinking about the risks you take. That cigarette you smoke maybe your last – that fourth martini that you have at your three martini lunch could be the very thing that puts you in an accident that can kill you.  That stress you put on your body lifting that garbage can could trigger a massively fatal heart attack – you can go to a routine check up for that headache you have and find out that it is malignant tumor that will end your life prematurely.  The risks are all there, but somehow you tell yourself you have control over these things and maybe doctors can provide direct solutions—COVID-19 is now different.  While there are those who claim to have solutions, there are others who choose to contradict those priceless answers for political reasons. It is unfortunate to say that those who see it as getting worse are becoming the realists and those who chastise the many for being doomsayers are becoming just as annoying because they appear to have no semblance of survival instinct in this brave new world.  Both are right and both are wrong – COVID-19 is the Schrodinger’s Cat of the viral breed.  It is normal to say that the future is affecting the present. Programming so-called future catastrophic events into the minds of the people silences all aspirations and dreams. It shatters the fragile soul and creates apathy for an existence that will have no hope and no savior. Government knows that the way to insure that the future remains frightening is to increase the police state, breathe new life into the criminal mentality, and infuse the zeitgeist with entertainment centered on police brutality, armed conflict, and death.  The government feeds you what is grotesque and some people accept it as sustenance. The consensus that hasn’t awakened is moving closer to an untimely demise. With a plague in the present and a famine on the way we see things deteriorate and we either panic or pay no mind to it.  It is either denial or ignorance.  We use the “economy” as an excuse to not be charitable. Keeping people poor increases, the cannon fodder for a more militant world take over.  The jobless become soldiers and fight a war that looks as if it will not end. The COVID-19 issue will and shall always be open ended .. and here is why.  When COVID-19 claimed its first patient in the United States, it was called the invisible enemy and enemy worthy of declaring war.  Joe Biden said during the democratic debate “We’re at war with a virus” and then came President Trump’s statement “We have to fight that invisible enemy—unknown, but we are getting to know it a lot better.”  Orwell, did a great job of describing how empty words of politicians somehow fill the air but give little of substance to the people when he said: War rhetoric, like all stilted political language, is tailored “to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind.  In this case politicians are still giving solidity to wind as like the wind is invisible, so is COVID-19. COVID-19 is the enemy—unlike a terrorist or an assassin or a country it is invisible.  This means that leaders can use an invisible threat at any time to control us.  All they have to do is agree that there is something out there that can kill you, they don’t have to present any evidence of it.  There is a statement that has been passed around in conspiracy theory circles that has been attributed to Henry Kissinger.  “Today Americans would be outraged if U.N. troops entered Los Angeles to restore order; tomorrow they will be grateful. This is especially true if they were told there was an outside threat from beyond, whether real or promulgated, that threatened our very existence. It is then that all peoples of the world will plead with world leaders to deliver them from this evil. The one thing every man fears is the unknown. When presented with this scenario, individual rights will be willingly relinquished for the guarantee of their well-being granted to them by their world government.”  This statement was allegedly made in Evian France On May 21, 1992 at a Bilderberg meeting.  Unbeknownst to Kissinger, his speech was taped by a Swiss delegate to the meeting.  This is what Kissinger knew was going to happen – he just didn’t know when and he probably was wondering who would be diabolical enough to threaten the world with a scorched earth policy in order to bring about a New world order.  The war that has been unleashed has no soldiers in the fight – but there are rookie recruits who went from hand washing to handing over their rights.  Those of us taking responsible measures—canceling engagements, homeschooling children, self-isolation, fearing for the health and well-being of everyone we know and everyone we don’t—are already acting as conscripts in a mass battle of patience and attrition.  How do our would-be commanders envision the war on coronavirus playing out? They appear to not have a plan to pull us out of the war we are in –again this is right out of Orwell’s Playbook:  “The war is not meant to be won. It is meant to be continuous. The essential act of modern warfare is the destruction of the produce of human labor. A hierarchical society is only possible on the basis of poverty and ignorance. In principle, the war effort is always planned to keep society on the brink of starvation.”  It was John Bolton who dissolved the National Security Council’s global health security team, Trump hired him and then fired him and of course, Trump gets blamed. No one is clear on that because the media would have to attack Bolton, who for some reason became an ally of the media because he was going to expose trump as incompetent during the impeachment proceedings.  Many times I have discussed how Bolton and several other men in government had a plan to change this country with a manifesto that they wrote called The Project for the New American Century: Rebuilding America’s Defense.  Under the Chairmanship of William Kristol, the same William Kristol who lead the charge to impeach President Trump, and co-authored by John Bolton, Richard Perle, Dick Cheney, Paul Wolfowitz, Elliot Abrams, and Donald Rumsfeld, Rebuilding America’s Defenses stated that to “further the process of transformation, even if it brings revolutionary change, is likely to be a long one-absent some catastrophic and catalyzing event- like a new Pearl Harbor”. Going further to describe its Hobbesian agenda, the cabal stated that “the Cold War was a bipolar world; the 21st century world is- for the moment at least- decidedly unipolar with America as the world’s sole superpower”.  While much has been said about the “inside job” of 9/11, a lesser appreciated terrorist act occurred over several weeks beginning on September 18, 2001 killing five and infective 17 in the form of envelopes laced with bio-weaponized anthrax.  This anthrax attack led quickly into the 2004 Bioshield Act with a $5 billion budget and mandate to “pre-empt and defend further bioweapon attacks”. This new chapter of the revolution in military affairs was to be coordinated from leading bioweapons facility at the Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases at Fort Detrick. Since 2002, over $50 billion has been spent on Bioweapons research and defense to date.  The earlier October 2000 The Rebuilding Americas Defenses document emphasized the importance which the neocon cabal placed on bioweapons and other next generation war tech stating:  “Combat will likely take place in new dimensions: In space, cyber-space and perhaps the world of microbes… advanced forms of biological warfare that can “target” specific genotypes may transform biological warfare from the realm of terror to a politically useful tool”.  This would indicate that both 9/11 and the COVID-19 pandemic would be sufficient enough to transform America into a military gulag. As we can also see they also have plans for the internet and what may be out there in space.  Where Hitler used the burning of the Reichstag to justify his enabling Acts, the neocons had their 9/11. The difference in the case of America was that Cheney failed to achieve the same level of absolute control over his nation as Hitler captured by 1934.  We have seen a transformation that has taken 20 years to achieve now with the “enemy” being invisible gives those in power control over the psychological well-being of the country. Declaring war on the invisible enemy is a motivator to push an Orwellian dystopia on the American people.  Biden and New York Governor Andrew Cuomo have suggested mobilizing the military to build tent health facilities or repurpose base installations as care centers; Cuomo also suggested he be given control of the Army Corps of Engineers. The military has had to push back by reminding politicians that its medical and logistical assets are geared toward treatment of mass casualties, not limitation of viral contagion.  The Pentagon has already begun to contend with coronavirus cases among ships’ crews and in barracks, as well as the recently gained knowledge that its most hardened nuclear-proof bunkers can’t protect against simple viruses. The Department of Defense is ready, willing and able to support civilian authorities to the greatest extent possible.  The evidence is the train cars transporting military ordinance through cities, d-mort tents and the visual of mass graves in order to give that war edge to everything. It can be argued that these images are unnecessary but they certainly send the message to the minds of the people that this is a war – a war against an enemy as invisible as the wind.  The unfortunate thing is that this invisible enemy we are hearing about and the war that has been waged appears to be open ended.  Sometimes, this will be to urge public complacency when the government seeks to conceal its own incompetence. Health and Human Services Secretary Alex Azar refused to answer questions on Sunday about how many ventilators—the key determinant in how many Covid-19 victims will live or die—the United States had on hand, calling it a “national security” issue. (Trump, meanwhile, has advised the nation’s governors looking for respirators and ventilators to “try getting it yourselves.”  But like a war, the coronavirus pandemic is likely to inflict far more casualties than we normally count. It has taken months to get a seeming majority of Americans to take seriously the possibility that their behavior means life or death for friends, loved ones, and strangers who are susceptible to the virus’s direct effects.  But virtually no one is focused on the cascade of depression, and death that will come as indirect effects of the virus’s progress: patients with other afflictions who will die as Covid-19 victims take up ICU space, equipment, and personnel; healthy delivery drivers who fall asleep at the wheel covering shifts for a sick colleague or picking up extra work to cover a shortfall at home.  Rather than lay out an achievable but ambitious long-term goal to protect Americans, we are again the victims as there are among us leaders willing to abuse their power by taking advantage of the fear that they themselves generated.  Meanwhile the media does not question the party as it is evident that rather than having state television we are now watching Deep State television where the opposition is controlled with bleach blonde and well-groomed talking heads praising Trump –while younger virtue signaling hypocrites attack everything that comes out of his mouth.  As history unfolds it becomes quite clear that our interpretation of news events is based on quick glances at a newspaper, magazine or news program that is funded, owned and/or operated by a corporation that has a controlling political interest in what is being reported. This type of journalism is what you would expect in a country where the press is no longer objective. It usually turns up in countries that are highly controlled.  Countries with state-run newspapers and state-run radio and TV stations. The state of the media has been declared dead by old-timers who long for the days of real journalism, where hunting for the blockbuster story was as stimulating as delivering it. Now those days have long passed and no one understands that sometimes it takes more than a television show or a newspaper columnist to get the whole story.  While trying to keep pace with an ever-changing world there is a point where we have difficulty keeping informed of what dangers are out there that might harm our families and ourselves.  So we develop a need for instant information. A flip of the switch gets us a news report. We listen and watch for certain buzzwords or sound bites. If we do not hear anything that sounds dangerous to us or if it does not affect us directly we tend to overlook it, or ignore it.  There are times where we have neglected information that may come back and bite us in the future.  That information, of course, is history, and while some of us were nerds and paid attention to it, there were others who felt that anything dealing with history would have no bearing on our lives in the future.  This can be looked at as progressive thinking, or living life deliberately. In these ever-changing times, it becomes necessary to go back in history a bit and see how people then reacted to some of the same things that are plaguing us now.  America has become utterly intolerant of uncertainty. And in the absence of certainty, Americans scan the news, see the confusing stories, try to work on pattern seeking skills, and connect the dots.  From there come the best conspiracy theories.  The biggest conspiracy theory is about the 5G connections to COVID-19. While there are circumstances that show that 5-G certainly effects the immune systems of those who are directly exposed. The various conspiracy theories about it starting COVID-19 lack complexity and components of nanotechnology need to be included in the research as COVID-19 is more than a virus – it appears to also be a very advanced technology that also binds nanotech with biological sequencing.  One of the other most vital things that have been over looked in the conspiracy theory is that in the aftermath of COVID-19 there will be an upsurge in demand for 5G in order to effectively usher in the new normal of an advanced surveillance state.  Broadband network demand will be over the top now that companies will need to effectively enforce stay at home policies.  Moreover, is the coronavirus outbreak and the “social distancing″ required to mitigate the spread going to become the business case for more advanced and robust 5G technologies for a future in which business, health care and human interaction must be at more than an arm’s length?  The jury is still out on whether home broadband, which tends to have lower capacity than more robust business networks, will be able to handle the traffic as whole neighborhoods become Wi-Fi hotbeds as adults video conference with their co-workers and their teens stream videos in between checking Blackboard for assignments. Providers, including AT&T, Verizon, and Comcast, are facing a test of whether they’ll be able to handle the increased demand.  Even though we know that this forced shutdown is temporary, those pushing the 5G upgrade will certainly capitalize on the what if scenarios and how to cut business overhead by encouraging telecommuting.  But that of course is not all.  Google has announced that it is partnering with dozens of governments around the world, sharing its users’ location history, and, in the process, giving us an insight into how much Google has control over us and knows about us.  For example, location data gleaned from smartphones shows that there are now 85 percent fewer trips to grocery or pharmacy stores in Italy, compared to early February, before the coronavirus struck the country. Italy went on extensive lockdown, and Google’s data shows it. Retail and recreation visits are down 94 percent, trips to parks are down 90 percent, transit stations 87 percent.  The country’s infection curve appears to finally be flattening. In contrast, American retail and recreation visits are only down 47 percent, grocery and pharmacy visits 22 percent, parks 19 percent and transit stations 51 percent, suggesting American people are not staying at home nearly enough to stop the spread of this virus.  Google insists that its new policy will not breach users’ privacy, promising to “adhere to their stringent privacy protocols and protecting people’s privacy. No personally identifiable information,” it claims “will be made available at any point.”  This is not at all reassuring.  Google’s move is merely the latest in a long line linking big tech companies ever more closely with the government and the security state.  Technology allows for the monitoring of individuals to better regulate stay at home orders. However, this opens up new possibilities for authoritarian regimes. Israelis who violate quarantining are now subject to up to seven years in prison, and location data could be used against individuals.  It would be something to be sent to jail because your phone ratted on you talking a walk. Furthermore, given the country’s history of racist law enforcement, the law has the potential for serious abuse.  You don’t need an outrageous conspiracy theory to demonize 5G – 5G not only will harm your health – but it will be used by big brother to keep you under surveillance.  This is the new automated tyranny.  It would be something to be sent to jail because your phone ratted on you talking a walk. Furthermore, given the country’s history of racist law enforcement, the law has the potential for serious abuse.  Google’s move is merely the latest in a long line linking big tech companies ever more closely with the government and the security state.  For a hint of what’s in store, you can look to China—our role model for all things dystopian—where the contagion started.  In an attempt to fight the epidemic, the government has given its surveillance state apparatus—which boasts the most expansive and sophisticated surveillance system in the world—free rein. Thermal scanners using artificial intelligence (AI) have been installed at train stations in major cities to assess body temperatures and identify anyone with a fever. Facial recognition cameras and cell phone carriers track people’s movements constantly, reporting in real time to data centers that can be accessed by government agents and employers alike. And coded color alerts (red, yellow and green) sort people into health categories that correspond to the amount of freedom of movement they’re allowed: “Green code, travel freely. Red or yellow, report immediately.”  Mind you, prior to the coronavirus outbreak, the Chinese surveillance state had already been hard at work tracking its citizens through the use of some 200 million security cameras installed nationwide. Equipped with facial recognition technology, the cameras allow authorities to track so-called criminal acts, such as jaywalking, which factor into a person’s social credit score.  Social media credit scores assigned to Chinese individuals and businesses categorize them on whether or not they are “good” citizens. A real-name system—which requires people to use government-issued ID cards to buy mobile sims, obtain social media accounts, take a train, board a plane, or even buy groceries—coupled with social media credit scores ensures that those blacklisted as “unworthy” are banned from accessing financial markets, buying real estate or travelling by air or train. Among the activities that can get you labeled unworthy are taking reserved seats on trains or causing trouble in hospitals.  That same social credit score technology used to identify, track and segregate citizens is now one of China’s chief weapons in its fight to contain the coronavirus from spreading. However, it is far from infallible and a prime example of the difficulties involved in navigating an autonomous system where disembodied AI systems call the shots. For instance, one woman, who has no symptoms of the virus but was assigned a red code based on a visit to her hometown, has been blocked from returning to her home and job until her color code changes. She has been stuck in this state of limbo for weeks with no means of challenging the color code or knowing exactly why she’s been assigned a red code.  Fighting the coronavirus epidemic has given China the perfect excuse for unleashing the full force of its surveillance and data collection powers. The problem, as Eamon Barrett acknowledges in Fortune magazine, is what happens after: “Once the outbreak is controlled, it’s unclear whether the government will retract its new powers.”  The lesson for the ages: once any government is allowed to expand its powers, it’s almost impossible to pull back. 

A naval officer has been relieved of his position on a destroyer over his refusal to get the COVID-19 vaccine.  On Friday, a Navy spokesman announced that Cmdr. Lucian Kins had been removed as executive officer of the USS Winston Churchill for “failing to abide by lawful order,” according to USNI News.  “On December 10, 2021, Commander, Naval Surface Squadron 14, Capt. Ken Anderson, relieved Cmdr. Lucian Kins as executive officer of USS Winston S. Churchill (DDG 81) due to loss of confidence in Kins’ ability to perform his duties,” Lt. Cmdr. Jason Fischer said in a statement.  Another Navy source said the move was due to Kins’ refusal to receive the vaccine or submit to COVID-19 testing. Kins applied for a religious exemption but was refused by the Navy, Fox News reported.  The ship’s plans and tactics officer, Lt. Cmdr. Han Yi, will take over as executive officer until a replacement is named. Kins has been reassigned to squadron staff.  Trending:	Biden: Everybody Knows Someone Whose Friend Has Taken Naked Pictures of Them and Blackmailed Them In August, the Pentagon announced that the COVID-19 vaccine would be mandatory for all members of the U.S. military. The Navy required all active duty and reserve sailors to be fully vaccinated by Nov. 28.  As Pentagon spokesman John Kirby told reporters on Friday, each branch is responsible for the logistics of enforcing the mandate.  “Those sorts of actions are not being handled centrally by the department at this level,” he said. “The service secretaries and the service chiefs are in charge of the way they are implementing the mandatory vaccine requirements.”  Are COVID-19 vaccine mandates unconstitutional? Yes No Enter your email   Completing this poll entitles you to The Western Journal news updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. As for the service members who are fully vaccinated, it might not be long before they’re subject to a new round of required jabs. Kirby said the Pentagon is hashing out whether to go ahead and require COVID-19 vaccine booster shots.  “There are active discussions here in the department at the policy level about booster shots and whether or not to make those mandatory,” he said, according to The Epoch Times. “There have been no final decisions made about that.”  According to Navy data, 5,731 sailors have yet to satisfy the original requirement.  The Times reported that while 2,705 active-duty sailors have put in requests for religious exemptions from the mandate, none have been approved. The Navy has, however, signed off on “seven medical exemptions, 326 temporary medical exemptions, and 124 administrative exemptions.”  The brave members of our armed forces do not sign on to protect their country without understanding the tremendous personal risks that come with it.  As health reporter Alex Berenson has noted, it’s pretty remarkable that the first responders who worked all throughout the pandemic are refusing the vaccine at particularly high rates.  Related:	Developing: The Real Threat from the Ukraine War Has Nothing to Do with Russia Police officers, nurses, firefighters and EMTs probably understand risk better than the average person; the same can be said of the men and women of our military who dedicate their lives to defending their countrymen.  What’s more, is it safe for our nation to threaten so many service members with expulsion to combat a virus that has proved considerably less dangerous to young, healthy individuals?  At what point are we sacrificing national security for the sake of the vaccine? Is the virus really more deadly than depleting our own armed forces?  We should not be violating the medical autonomy of these thousands of Americans — to say nothing of the constitutional rights they have taken an oath to protect, even at the cost of their own lives!  This mandate is a disgrace to everything our nation stands for and the very flag the armed forces fight to defend.

Telecommunications megacorporations are poised to launch their “upgraded” 5G networks in the United States this January. This is despite the fact that there is plenty of evidence that such a rollout would lead to catastrophe and deaths, especially among Americans who are fully vaccinated against the Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19).  Sean, the host of SGT Report’s online show, pointed out that there is evidence of 5G towers emitting some kind of electromagnetic waves that directly attack people’s bodies. As evidence, he provided a video released to the public by La Quinta Columna.  La Quinta Columna, a Spanish-language media outlet, is notable for being one of the first independent outlets to report that the COVID-19 vaccines contain the toxic substance graphene oxide. (Related: Study: 5G exposure a “significant factor” in higher covid cases, deaths.)  The Spanish media outlet played a short clip on one of its recent livestreams of a man who parks his bike right next to a 5G tower for a few seconds and then suddenly collapsing out of nowhere. Ricardo Delgado Martin, founder of La Quinta Columna and host of the media outlet’s show, pointed out that the CCTV camera that captured the man’s sudden collapse experienced a glitch in its video feed less than a second before the incident occurred.  Delgado speculates that this glitch is what triggered the man’s collapse, and that it was caused by the 5G tower right next to him. Dr. Jose Luis Sevillano, a guest of Delgado, pointed out that this is clear evidence that the 5G towers emit some kind of pulse that directly affects people’s health.  “This is the proof,” said Luis, in Spanish. “Because it’s no longer a matter of the guy falling over from something internal to him, but there’s an external trigger that’s caught on camera… That would explain why so many people are suddenly dropping dead here and there right now.”  “It looks like a gunshot, but it’s an electromagnetic pulse at the speed of light,” said Delgado. “And it’s being recorded by the camera as glitching, which is normal.”  Sean does not believe the glitch was a coincidence. “The glitch in the video suggests some sort of, maybe electromagnetic pulse or energy weapon, may have been used in murdering that man.”  COVID-19 vaccines could make people more susceptible to 5G Delgado and Luis are concerned that people who are fully vaccinated against COVID-19 may be more susceptible to these electromagnetic pulse attacks because their bodies contain graphene oxide.  In July 2021, Spanish researchers from the University of Almeria discovered that almost all of the Pfizer vaccine is nothing but graphene oxide. This magnetic substance, when injected into a person’s system, can cause deadly health complications including liver and kidney damage, spur on the formation of granulomas in the lungs and even trigger pre-programmed cell death.  “If the person [in the video] is vaccinated and has graphene already located in the heart and if, in addition, the person is exercising, well, it’s impossible to be clearer,” said Delgado, pointing out that the graphene most likely contributed to the man’s demise.  “That was a pulse multiplied by graphene,” remarked Luis. He added that he has received more reports from patients of heart palpitations “because of the density” in the 5G waves. Many of those patients have also reported feeling a strange sensation in the environment whenever they step outside.  “As if they were in a spaceship,” said Luis. “Or that they went out to a planet that is not ours.” He said this feeling is due to the electromagnetic fields in the air caused by nearby 5G towers.  This strange sensation when going outside is the least of their problems. Luis remarked that, if the electromagnetic fields ever pulsed like how it did in the video, it can create a disaster for people nearby.  “What works [in the body] stops doing so … you lose consciousness,” said Luis. “Some people recover and say, ‘What the heck happened to me?’ But in some people, the process is so fast that they don’t recover again. They end up in cardiorespiratory arrest, and it’s over.”  If the person who was hit by the 5G tower’s electromagnetic pulse had graphene in his or her system because of the COVID-19 vaccine, that person becomes significantly less likely to shrug off an electromagnetic pulse.

The vaccines are bad news. Fifteen bodies were examined (all died from 7 days to 6 months after vaccination; ages 28 to 95). The coroner or the public prosecutor didn’t associate the vaccine as the cause of death in any of the cases. However, further examination revealed that the vaccine was implicated in the deaths of 14 of the 15 cases. The most attacked organ was the heart (in all of the people who died), but other organs were attacked as well. The implications are potentially enormous resulting in millions of deaths. The vaccines should be immediately halted.  No need to worry. It is doubtful that anything will happen because the work wasn’t published in a peer-reviewed journal so will be ignored by the scientific community. That’s just the way it works.  The paper I got an email recently from Mike Yeadon, former VP of Pfizer, who urged me to check out this video. He wrote me this email on 12/24/21:  https://www.bitchute.com/video/fHIT55iM4Zv9/  Steve,  This is about the worst 15min I’ve ever seen.  Mass covid19 vaccination is leading to mass murder.  Mike   The video references this paper, posted on December 10, 2021, On COVID vaccines: why they cannot work, and irrefutable evidence of their causative role in deaths after vaccination by Sucharit Bhakdi, MD and Arne Burkhardt, MD. It has been getting a lot of attention lately.  Check out the number of likes and retweets… just in the first 3 hours!!!!   The authors did an autopsy in 15 patients who died (from 7 days to 6 months) after receiving the COVID vaccine. These were all cases where the coroner ruled as NOT being caused by the vaccine.  They discovered that in 14 of the 15 patients there was widespread evidence of the body attacking itself, something that is never seen before. The heart was attacked in all 14 cases.  A number of salient aspects dominated in all affected tissues of all cases:  inflammatory events in small blood vessels (endotheliitis), characterized by an abundance of T-lymphocytes and sequestered, dead endothelial cells within the vessel lumen;  the extensive perivascular accumulation of T-lymphocytes;  a massive lymphocytic infiltration of surrounding non-lymphatic organs or tissue with T-lymphocytes.  Lymphocytic infiltration occasionally occurred in combination with intense lymphocytic activation and follicle formation. Where these were present, they were usually accompanied by tissue destruction.  Here's the video presentation of the results.  VAERS as well as other independent studies (e.g., see this vaccine injury paper) shows the vaccines are killing people and that cardiac events were highly elevated. This study is consistent with those results.  This work independently validates the analysis of Peter Schimacher who showed a minimum of 30% to 40% of the deaths after vaccine were caused by the vaccine.  Reactions from a level-headed scientist (name withheld to protect him from attack) If the autopsy findings are confirmed by other pathologists with additional samples, and if they are combined with the findings of Dr. Hoffe (>60% inoculant recipients have elevated D-dimer tests and evidence of clotting) and Dr. Cole (increase in cancers after inoculation, including twenty-fold increase in uterine cancer), we are seeing a disaster of unimaginable proportions.  The conclusion (if supported by further data) is that essentially EVERY inoculant recipient suffers damage, with more damage after each shot.  Given the seriousness of the types of damage (autoimmune diseases, cancer, re-emergent dormant infections, clotting/strokes, cardiac damage, etc.), these effects will translate into lifespan reduction, which should be counted as deaths from the inoculations.  So, in the USA, where ~200M people have been fully inoculated, the number of deaths will not be the 10,000 or so reported in VAERS, or the 150,000+ scaled-up deaths from VAERS, but could be closer to tens of millions when the inoculation effects play out!  What the above three findings (Burkhart, Hoffe, Cole, and I suspect many others who have not yet come forward) show is that the post-inoculation effects are not rare events (as reported by the media-gov't), but are in actuality frequent events.  They may be, in fact, universal, with the severity and damage different for each recipient.   The question in my mind is whether it is possible to reverse these inoculation-based adverse events.  Can the innate immune system be fully restored?  Can the micro clotting be reversed?  Can the autoimmunity be reversed?  I have seen a wide spectrum of opinions on whether this is possible, none of which is overly convincing.   Are we headed for the situation where the ~30% unvaxxed will be devoting their lives to operating whatever is left of the economic infrastructure and serving as caretakers for the vaxxed?  I realize the above sounds extreme, and maybe when more data are gathered from myriad credible sources the results and conclusions may change, but right now the above data seem to synchronize with the demonstrated underlying mechanisms of damage.  Additionally, we seem to be doubling down on inoculations, with fourth booster being proposed for Israel, and UK suggesting quarterly boosters.  Dr. Ryan Cole’s reaction  Background of two of the scientists behind the study Dr. Bhakdi has spent his life practicing, teaching and researching medical microbiology and infectious diseases. He chaired the Institute of Medical Microbiology and Hygiene at the Johannes Gutenberg University of Mainz, Germany, from 1990 until his retirement in 2012. He has published over 300 research articles in the fields of immunology, bacteriology, virology and parasitology, and served from 1990 to 2012 as Editor-in-Chief of Medical Microbiology and Immunology, one of the first scientific journals of this field that was founded by Robert Koch in 1887.  Dr. Arne Burkhardt is a pathologist who has taught at the Universities of Hamburg, Berne and Tübingen. He was invited for visiting professorships/study visits in Japan (Nihon University), the United States (Brookhaven National Institute), Korea, Sweden, Malaysia and Turkey. He headed the Institute of Pathology in Reutlingen for 18 years. Subsequently, he worked as an independent practicing pathologist with consulting contracts with laboratories in the US. Burkhardt has published more than 150 scientific articles in German and international scientific journals as well as contributions to handbooks in German, English and Japanese. Over many years he has audited and certified institutes of pathology in Germany.

In locked down New Zealand, there have been more recorded Covid-19 “vaccine” deaths than Covid deaths based on the latest numbers. Their tracking system indicates 40 people have reportedly died as a result of the vaccines while 27 have died from Covid itself.  Journalist Elijah Schaffer carefully shared these numbers on Twitter. A recent crackdown on “anti-vaxx” statistics and commentary likely prompted Schaffer’s use of phrases like “possibly related” and “in theory.” Many who have made similar statements without the qualifiers have been swiftly banned by Big Tech sites.  SHOCKING: New Zealand reported 27 total deaths “with” COVID-19 & 40 deaths possibly related to the Pfizer vaccine since 2020  This week they reported 0 C19 deaths & 3 deaths possibly related to the vaccine  Making the vaccine more deadly in theory to NZ’ers than the actual virus pic.twitter.com/Om3OrVe7cs  — ELIJAH SCHAFFER (@ElijahSchaffer) September 15, 2021  Both numbers are relatively low compared to other nations of similar size, but here’s the thing. Covid-19 deaths are invariably inflated in most countries while vaccine death numbers are always underreported. It’s not clear if New Zealand is inflating their Covid death numbers because there simply isn’t very much data to examine, but it’s certain the vaccine death numbers are much, much higher.  First and foremost, vaccine adverse reactions are universally underreported. It behooves doctors to find other reasons for their patients to have died since the vast majority of them are pushing the vaccines tenaciously. Second, most grieving families do not report the deaths to the databases. Estimates range from 1%-10% of actual deaths that are both attributed to the vaccines and then proactively reported.  In other words, even if some of the deaths reported in New Zealand turned out to be false or inaccurate, it’s a certainty that there are degrees of magnitude more people who died from the vaccines and were never reported as such.  ***Support The Liberty Daily and Mike Lindell -- use code TLD at MyPillow.com and get up to 66% off!*** New Zealand is the outlier. They’re the odd ones on the opposite side of the scale from Sweden as they have perpetuated the most draconian lockdowns in the world due to their “Covid Zero” stance. As a result, they have enjoyed a very low number of Covid-19 attributed deaths while completely ignoring the toll their lockdowns are having on the people. We may never know how many suicides, drug overdoses, murders, and other avoidable deaths were caused by their “Covid Zero” policy because such information is kept secret.  For a disease with a 99.93% recovery rate among people under 40, the extreme lockdown and vaccination pushes being implemented by governments like New Zealand are ludicrous and doing far more damage than the disease itself.

The Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccines are mass murder weapons, deadlier than guns, cannons and tanks combined.  This surfaced after an analysis of figures from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) database revealed that 61,000 people, supposedly in the prime of their life, ages 25-44, died of vaccine-related causes in the U.S. in the fall and winter of 2021.  Edward Dowd, a former BlackRock portfolio manager, made the appalling revelation during the March 10 episode of “The Alex Jones Show.”  According to Dowd, an investment adviser on Wall Street, an insurance industry expert who is part of his team stumbled upon the buried truth when, looking for something else, he broke down the CDC figures by age and created his own baseline death rates from there.  Showing charts the actuarian plotted from the figures, Dowd pointed at chart four as the punch line.  “Basically, you see that millennials experienced 84 percent excess death in the fall and winter of 2021. So excess deaths accelerated when mandates and boosters hit,” Dowd told Jones.  “And this age group is important because they’re healthy. And you can’t say that they, you know, miss their cancer screenings. This is ages 25 to 44. So this is just devastating evidence that the vaccines are causing this age group to die at an accelerating rate. (Related: Life insurance companies sound DEATH ALERT warnings over nearly 100,000 excess deaths per month happening right now in the USA.)  “I know I showed percentages in that chart, but the actual bodies are 61,000. That’s the Vietnam War event that just occurred to the millennial generation – 58,000 died in the Vietnam War.”  Dowd said he’s certain the vaccines are the culprits because the acceleration started in the summer when the mandates started hitting in August and September last year.  “And then [President Joe] Biden came out [announcing the mandates]. And boosters were also authorized and started happening. So let’s call this what it is. This is death by government mandate or democide, death by government. That’s what’s going on here.”  The insurance companies have pointed at the alarming spike in vaccine-related deaths before, but the government refused to heed the warning and proceeded with the mass injections.  Dowd could only speculate on why the “pyschos” in government did this.  “Well, there’s two ways to look at this. Just good old-fashioned power and greed, or there was a plan hatched by some very evil people. I’m going with power and greed for now. But you know, as we roll through this very active fraud, it’s being exposed. There’s more and more evidence coming to the front that this is part of some sort of bigger grand plan.”  Dowd’s suspicion grew after noticing that what’s happening in the U.S. is being replicated by other global governments that have mandated the vaccines.  Government’s war on people “So this is a worldwide tragedy. And it’s a war. And whether the government knew it was a war on people, they’re currently at war on their own people. And it’s the most disgusting thing I’ve ever seen in my life.”  Dowd related that a board member of a German insurer approached him two weeks ago and revealed their government was underreporting vaccine-related injuries by a factor of 25 to one. That is based on approximately three million Germans, or 3.6 percent of the total population, who were injured by vaccines enough to seek medical treatment.  No wonder, Dowd is leaning toward the grand plan scheme now.  That’s why his team is going to drop more charts, all interpreting the CDC data, until the true reason why there were more deaths in 2021 than 2020 is exposed.

The dropping of an atomic bomb on Hiroshima stands as one of the most heinous crimes against humanity ever committed. It was carried by the United States government, using a weapon of mass destruction against a civilian population consisting primarily of women and children. According to historical records, 135,000 people were killed by that bomb, with roughly half that many killed by the second bomb dropped on Nagasaki.  Historians and observers can argue over the “merit” of such an act, as it was largely credited with ending World War II in the Pacific, but no one can argue that mass civilian casualties were deliberately inflicted by the bombing. These were not accidental “collateral damage” deaths; they were inflicted by design. The bomb targeted a city populated almost entirely by civilians. This was a deliberate, indiscriminate act of mass murder.  Importantly, this event proved that the United States government is willing to commit mass killings of targeted ethnic groups to achieve its strategic goals. Years later, the US government dropped nuclear weapons on the Bikini Atoll (Marshall Islands), murdering an entire ecosystem and killing countless Pacific islanders with radiation poisoning.  Thus, anyone dismissing the idea that the government is now mass murdering its own citizens with “vaccine” bioweapons injections has no clue what horrors the US government is capable of committing against humanity.  Now the US military is targeting its own personnel for a bioweapons “nuke” hidden in covid vaccines While the atomic bomb was directed at a strategic enemy (Japan) which had carried out its own heinous crimes against humanity — the murder and rape of innocent Chinese civilians during the war, for example — today the Pentagon is now “nuking” its own personnel by mandating bioweapons spike protein injections of nearly two million active duty U.S. troops. (That number spans all the branches of active military service.) With a post-vaccine death rate of just 25% — which seems to be on the low side of estimates from the medical experts I’ve interviewed — we’d be looking at half a million active duty U.S. soldiers being killed by covid vaccines over the next few years as the vascular damage and Antibody Dependent Enhancement effects kick in.  That number — 500,000 — dwarfs the casualties of Hiroshima.  It makes you wonder: Which military leaders could be so stupid as to subject the entire military to an unproven, deadly, experimental injection consisting of a cocktail of biological weapons and viral fragments? The answer is obvious: This is all about decimating the national defense of the United States of America through the mass murder of US active duty troops, making way for the planned UN occupation and overthrow of the USA.  The war that the Pentagon once waged against the Japanese empire has now been turned against the American people, and we are no safer than those who lived in Hiroshima on that fateful day.  There are already hundreds of thousands of vaccine deaths among innocent civilians The anti-human vaccine zealots aren’t merely targeting US active duty military personnel; they’re also targeting the world population at large… civilians, women, children, elderly and everyone. The covid “vaccine” is the ultimate weapon of mass destruction, killing indiscriminately, destroying human tissue and causing cellular destruction, suffering and death in anyone unlucky enough to be injected with it.  According to VAERS data, over 12,200 post-vaccine deaths have so far been reported in the United States alone. Knowing that VAERS data are far behind schedule (many weeks) and that the VAERS database only represents anywhere from 1/10th to 1/100th of the actual deaths that have occurred. Realistically, we are most likely looking at several hundred thousand covid vaccine deaths in the United States to date, far exceeding the number of people killed at Hiroshima.  Note that nothing in this message should be interpreted as making light of the Hiroshima nuclear holocaust event which I consider to be a genocidal, ethnically-targeted crime against humanity. The internment of Japanese Americans in U.S.-based concentration camps is yet another crime against people of Japanese descent, and it proves again that the United States government is ready and willing to throw its own citizens into concentration camps in order to achieve its own strategic aims.  Remember this: If the US government was willing to throw people into war-time concentration camps based on the color of their skin, it is also willing to throw people into covid camps based on the status of their vaccine passports.  The government has not matured or found morality in the 80 years since that war, and if anything, the federal government is now more tyrannical, more dangerous and more drunk on power than at any time in US history. If anything, the federal government now appears to resemble the enforcement arm of an organized crime / racketeering operation run by anti-human globalists and Big Pharma.  Fauci’s NIH funded the ethnically-targeted organ harvesting from living human babies… all in the name of “science” If you’re not convinced of how evil this regime really is, consider the shocking, horrifying fact that the US government funded organ harvesting from aborted (but living) babies who were targeted based on their skin color. This shocking truth was uncovered and confirmed last week by the Washington Free Beacon in this story: Government-Funded Researchers Sought Aborted Minorities for Organ Harvesting.  Reading that story tells you everything you need to know about how the federal government will really treat you when it comes to the pandemic and vaccines:  The federal government gave at least $2.7 million in taxpayer money to researchers who sought out minority babies who had been aborted in order to harvest their organs, according to internal documents released Tuesday.  The University of Pittsburgh targeted minorities in its request for infant organs—including those taken from full-term babies—to create a “pipeline” for fetal research. Researchers said they needed 50 percent of the donated fetuses to be minorities and specified that 25 percent must come from black women. The Pittsburgh metropolitan area is 85 percent white and 8 percent black. Researchers stressed the importance of maintaining organ blood flow in the request, which watchdogs say could violate federal law by asking doctors to illegally preserve organs during labor-inducing abortions.  In other words, the NIH harvested organs from living black babies in order to provide tissue samples for the biotech and vaccine industries. Some of the babies were up to 42 weeks old, which means they were old enough to survive outside the womb.  This was all done under Fauci and the NIH, by the way, the same group that funded gain-of-function experiments in Wuhan to build the toxic spike protein nanoparticle that has been inserted into the vaccines to mass murder humanity.  The NIH is an enterprise of murder.  And these deadly covid “vaccines,” much like nuclear weapons, are indiscriminate killers that are being deployed against humanity for the express purpose of causing maximum casualties. All the people involved in this pursuit of mass death are, themselves, complicit in mass murder. And they have the full backing of Big Tech, Big Media, Big Government, Big Pharma and all the other anti-human institutions that are now waging outright war against the human race on a global scale.  What they did to Hiroshima in the 1940s is now being done to the entire world in 2021. May God help us all.

The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) recently released a document proving that Pfizer’s Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) mRNA vaccine can cause nearly 1,300 adverse events.  The FDA was recently embroiled in a court case over how quickly it can release documents from its Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research regarding Pfizer’s mRNA COVID-19 vaccine. The relevant documents contain valuable information about Pfizer’s trials and the safety and efficacy of the vaccine.  The agency wanted the data to be released very slowly over the next 75 years by releasing only 500 pages worth of documents every month. But U.S. District Judge Mark T. Pittman ordered the FDA to release 55,000 pages worth of documents each month starting March 1.  This would allow the public to have all of the FDA’s information regarding Pfizer’s vaccine within eight months. (Related: Leaked top-secret Pfizer document shows COVID-19 vaccine is FAR MORE DANGEROUS than the world knows.)  Among the documents the FDA was forced to release just days ago is a 38-page report titled “5.3.6 Cumulative Analysis of Post-Authorization Adverse Event Reports of PF-07302048 (BNT162B2) Received Through 28-Feb-2021.”  This document, which was marked by Pfizer as “proprietary and confidential,” and warned of possible legal action if released without the Big Pharma company’s consent, goes into detail regarding how many people have experienced adverse events after taking the company’s experimental mRNA vaccine.  The document has an appendix that is nine pages long and lists 1,291 different adverse events associated with the company’s COVID-19 vaccine.  This extremely lengthy list has a whole host of different medical conditions that the Pfizer vaccine can cause, including acute kidney injury, neonatal death, deep vein thrombosis, epileptic psychosis, facial paralysis, liver injury, stillbirth, temporal lobe epilepsy, type 1 diabetes and vertebral artery thrombosis.  Vaccines must be recalled and Pfizer held accountable Mary Holland, president and general counsel for the health freedom and anti-vaccine mandate organization Children’s Health Defense, called the Pfizer document with the nearly 1,300 adverse events list a “bombshell.”  “These findings should put an immediate end to the Pfizer COVID vaccines,” she said. “The potential for serious harm is very clear, and those injured by the vaccines are prohibited from suing Pfizer for damages.  She added that this long list of adverse events makes it clear why both the FDA and Pfizer “wanted to keep this data under wraps for 75 years.”  Holland added that the rollout of Pfizer vaccines must be immediately halted before the mass vaccination of children under five years of age starts. The government has already purchased 50 million dollars of this experimental and deadly vaccine for children and infants in this age group, to be delivered by April 30.  She pointed out the risk of serious injury or death from COVID-19 to healthy children within this age group is practically zero and that evidence shows the vaccine is not effective when used in very young children.  “It would be criminal to expose infants and young children to this extremely risky product,” added Holland. “[Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System] data shows the catastrophic health impacts the vaccine is having on millions of people, yet Pfizer and other vaccine makers are raking in billions of dollars with no fear of being held accountable for injuries and deaths from their vaccines.”  More related stories: FDA wants to release Pfizer vaccine documents slowly while attention is focused away from pandemic.  Pfizer manipulated legal immunity for itself against covid “vaccine” adverse effects caused by negligence, fraud or malice.  FDA executive reveals truth about agency’s extremely close ties to Big Pharma in undercover video.  Pfizer panicking after judge orders accelerated release of COVID vaccine documents amid fears “business will be harmed.”  Criminal conspiracy unraveling: Pfizer and the government concealed thousands of deaths, mass injuries caused by experimental covid jabs.

Children in Florida will not be forced or even pressured to get “vaccinated” for the Wuhan coronavirus (Covid-19), Florida Surgeon General Joseph Ladapo has revealed.  At a recent round table event, Ladapo explained that he and Gov. Ron DeSantis are not in favor of the “vaccinate everything that moves” narrative, which is why they decided to make Florida the first state in the country to not recommend jabs for kids.  “According to @FLSurgeonGen, Florida will become the first state to recommend against the COVID-19 vaccine for healthy children,” tweeted Karol Markowicz from the New York Post.  Throughout the plandemic, less than 1,000 children died from “covid,” it is important to note. And even these 1,000 “cases” are questionable due to the fact that SARS-CoV-2 has never actually been isolated or proven to exist, and the “tests” for it are fraudulent.  “There are 75 million children aged 0-18 in the United States,” notes Red State. “Further, when you drill down, almost all the children that have died from COVID-19 also had pre-existing conditions.”  All things considered, it is simply bad science to suggest that young people take an experimental gene therapy cocktail that could seriously injure or kill them, especially since kids have a zero percent chance of dying from covid.  “… at no point in our history have we as a society chosen to blanket-vaccinate children from a virus that presents such a minuscule, almost non-existent risk to them,” Red State reports.  “Public policy should never be decided by emotion, and it is nothing but an emotional response to vaccinate a six-year-old from COVID-19 who is otherwise healthy. It simply makes no sense, especially in light of the lack of longitudinal data on how the vaccines affect a developing child.”  Jabbing healthy children is deranged DeSantis will surely be labeled an “anti-vaxxer” for this move, which will also upset what Red State‘s “Bonchie” describes as “triple-vaxxed hypochondriacs who believe schools are a vector for transmission to adults.”  There is zero data to suggest children at schools are transmitting anything other than their presence, but the Branch Covidians are not satisfied with this. They want every human body fully jabbed no matter what, and DeSantis is getting in the way of that.  “DeSantis and [Ladapo] should be commended for tuning out the noise and doing what makes sense,” Bonchie writes. “That’s been Florida’s path through the pandemic since the beginning.”  Natural immunity still stands as the best immunity, especially in children. No “vaccine” can ever compare to what the human body is capable of doing all by itself, just so long as it remains unvaccinated.  “Why is it hard for the CDC to understand that the shot is an immunity booster and healthy kids have fabulous immunity?” asked a commenter. “Perhaps the old saying applies: It is difficult for someone to understand something when their job depends on them not understating it.”  Another person pointed out that the war going on in this country over the plandemic is not so much about “left” versus “right,” but is rather about people who use their brains and empirical facts to form beliefs versus drones who let the media and the government do all of their thinking for them.  “The second group does not attempt to extricate the empirical facts from all available information sources and so are followers of the government / legacy media version of the truth,” this same person says.  “I’d like to see the number of kids under the age of 18 that have had complications from the vaccine,” wrote someone else. “I’d bet it’s well over 1,000, but you’ll never see that number.”

The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) today released new data showing a total of 1,168,894 reports of adverse events following COVID vaccines were submitted between Dec. 14, 2020, and March 4, 2022, to the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS). VAERS is the primary government-funded system for reporting adverse vaccine reactions in the U.S.  (Article by Megan Redshaw republished from ChildrensHealthDefense.org)  The data included a total of 25,158 reports of deaths — an increase of 331 over the previous week — and 203,888 reports of serious injuries, including deaths, during the same time period — up 3,557 compared with the previous week.  Excluding “foreign reports” to VAERS, 783,282 adverse events, including 11,505 deaths and 75,286 serious injuries, were reported in the U.S. between Dec. 14, 2020, and March 4, 2022.  Foreign reports are reports foreign subsidiaries send to U.S. vaccine manufacturers. Under U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) regulations, if a manufacturer is notified of a foreign case report that describes an event that is both serious and does not appear on the product’s labeling, the manufacturer is required to submit the report to VAERS.  Of the 11,505 U.S. deaths reported as of March 4, 17% occurred within 24 hours of vaccination, 22% occurred within 48 hours of vaccination and 60% occurred in people who experienced an onset of symptoms within 48 hours of being vaccinated.  In the U.S., 554 million COVID vaccine doses had been administered as of March 4, including 327 million doses of Pfizer, 209 million doses of Moderna and 18 million doses of Johnson & Johnson (J&J).    Every Friday, VAERS publishes vaccine injury reports received as of a specified date. Reports submitted to VAERS require further investigation before a causal relationship can be confirmed. Historically, VAERS has been shown to report only 1% of actual vaccine adverse events.  U.S. VAERS data from Dec. 14, 2020, to March 4, 2022, for 5- to 11-year-olds show:  9,009 adverse events, including 213 rated as serious and 5 reported deaths. The most recent death involves a 7-year-old boy (VAERS I.D. 2152560) from Washington who died 13 days after receiving his first dose of Pfizer’s COVID vaccine when he went into shock and suffered cardiac arrest. He was unable to be resuscitated and died in the emergency department.  17 reports of myocarditis and pericarditis (heart inflammation). The CDC uses a narrowed case definition of “myocarditis,” which excludes cases of cardiac arrest, ischemic strokes and deaths due to heart problems that occur before one has the chance to go to the emergency department.  32 reports of blood clotting disorders. U.S. VAERS data from Dec. 14, 2020, to March 4, 2022, for 12- to 17-year-olds show:  30,193 adverse events, including 1,734 rated as serious and 40 reported deaths. The most recent death involves a 14-year-old boy (VAERS I.D. 2148498) who experienced a cerebral aneurysm leading to death one day after receiving his first dose of Pfizer’s COVID vaccine.  69 reports of anaphylaxis among 12- to 17-year-olds where the reaction was life-threatening, required treatment or resulted in death — with 96% of cases attributed to Pfizer’s vaccine. 650 reports of myocarditis and pericarditis with 631 cases attributed to Pfizer’s vaccine. 161 reports of blood clotting disorders, with all cases attributed to Pfizer. U.S. VAERS data from Dec. 14, 2020, to March 4, 2022, for all age groups combined, show:  19% of deaths were related to cardiac disorders. 54% of those who died were male, 41% were female and the remaining death reports did not include the gender of the deceased. The average age of death was 72.7. As of March 4, 5,233 pregnant women reported adverse events related to COVID vaccines, including 1,664 reports of miscarriage or premature birth. Of the 3,596 cases of Bell’s Palsy reported, 51% were attributed to Pfizer vaccinations, 40% to Moderna and 8% to J&J. 859 reports of Guillain-Barré syndrome, with 41% of cases attributed to Pfizer, 30% to Moderna and 28% to J&J. 2,358 reports of anaphylaxis where the reaction was life-threatening, required treatment or resulted in death. 1,632 reports of myocardial infarction. 13,428 reports of blood clotting disorders in the U.S. Of those, 5,992 reports were attributed to Pfizer, 4,784 reports to Moderna and 2,607 reports to J&J. 4,065 cases of myocarditis and pericarditis with 2,499 cases attributed to Pfizer, 1,381 cases to Moderna and 174 cases to J&J’s COVID vaccine. CDC study concludes COVID vaccine adverse events ‘mild’  A study funded by the CDC and published Monday in The Lancet concluded most COVID vaccine-related adverse events reported during the first six months of the rollout in the U.S were “mild and short in duration,” despite thousands of deaths reported to VAERS.  For the study, researchers analyzed data captured between Dec. 14, 2020, and June 14, 2021, by VAERS and v-safe, both of which are overseen by the CDC. Nearly 300 million doses of COVID vaccines were administered during the study period.  The authors found that of the 340,522 adverse events reported to VAERS, 27,023 (8%) were serious, 4,496 were deaths. The authors said the cause of the increased reporting of deaths during the first few days after vaccination might represent “reporting bias.”  The authors suggested that deaths occurring soon after vaccination were more likely to be reported than deaths that occurred later. This, they believe, is why the number of deaths asymptotically approaches zero as more time elapses since vaccination.  Jessica Rose, Ph.D., attempted to duplicate the Lancet authors’ findings through her independent analysis of the VAERS data. Despite filtering the database using three different date stamps, Rose was unable to duplicate the Lancet study’s results.  Florida surgeon general breaks with CDC, recommends against shots for healthy kids  Florida’s surgeon general on Monday said he will issue guidance formally recommending against COVID vaccines for healthy children. Florida is the first state to break with official guidance from the CDC, which recommends all children over age 5 get the vaccine.  Dr. Joseph Ladapo made the announcement at a roundtable, hosted by Gov. Ron DeSantis, featuring physicians and other medical experts who criticized CDC and government policies, including mask mandates and lockdowns, which they said were ineffective and harmful.  Ladapo and DeSantis said the new guidance had to do with lingering questions about the vaccines’ potential health risks for young people and the fact that children are in a low-risk category for severe COVID.  COVID vaccines may be enhancing disease   COVID vaccines may be causing enhanced disease because they target an old version of the coronavirus, Dr. Robert Malone told the Epoch Times in a recent interview.  “The data are showing that vaccination can actually increase the risk of being infected with the Omicron version of this virus,” Malone said, referring to how in some areas, including Scotland and New Zealand, patients hospitalized with COVID are more likely to have received a COVID vaccine.  U.S. drug regulators identified vaccine-associated enhanced diseases (VAED) as an “important potential risk” of COVID vaccines, along with enhanced respiratory disease.  Some adverse events reported following COVID vaccination “could indicate” VAED, according to a CDC team.  VAED refers to disease “resulting from infection in individuals primed with non-protective immune responses against the respective wild-type viruses,” researchers said last year.  “Given that these enhanced responses are triggered by failed attempts to control the infecting virus, VAED typically presents with symptoms related to the target organ of the infection pathogen,” they added.  Vaccine researcher develops tinnitus after COVID shot, calls for further study  Dr. Gregory Poland, director of the Mayo Clinic’s Vaccine Research Group in Rochester, Minnesota, developed life-altering tinnitus, or ringing in the ear, after receiving his second dose of a COVID vaccine.  “It was like someone suddenly blew a dog whistle in my ear,” Poland told MedPage Today. “It has been pretty much unrelenting.”  Poland then received a booster, after which his tinnitus briefly disappeared but then returned at a slightly higher pitch. Poland realized his life may never be the same and says he has received emails from people across the world struggling with the same condition to the point they’re considering taking their own lives.  Poland, who said he supports COVID vaccines, believes there may be tens of thousands of people affected in the U.S. and is calling for more research to be done to provide help to people desperate for relief.  Michigan woman files claim over mom’s COVID vaccine-related death    Tatum Strieter-Byron is asking the federal government to compensate her for the death in April of her mother Sandra Jacobs. An autopsy confirmed Jacobs died from a blood-clotting disorder caused by J&J’s COVID vaccine.  Strieter-Byron received confirmation Monday her claim to the Countermeasures Injury Compensation Program (CICP) had been received. The program was established to give pharmaceutical companies blanket liability protection from harm caused by their COVID vaccines.  In 2020, the U.S. Health and Human Services secretary invoked the Public Readiness and Emergency Preparedness (PREP) Act and declared COVID-19 a public health emergency, providing J&J other COVID vaccine makers immunity from lawsuits.  The only exception under the PREP Act is if a plaintiff can prove a vaccine-related death or serious physical injury was caused by “willful misconduct.” The protections, unless amended or rescinded, extend through Oct. 1, 2024.  Claims to the CICP must be made within one year of the date the vaccine was received.  Jacobs, 60, received the single-shot vaccine at a CVS pharmacy on April 8, 2021, just five days before federal health agencies temporarily paused the vaccine to examine numerous reports of a serious and potentially fatal blood-clotting disorder.  Jacobs died on April 21 of “complications of cerebral venous sinus thrombosis,” a type of stroke caused by the vaccine.  Children’s Health Defense asks anyone who has experienced an adverse reaction, to any vaccine, to file a report following these three steps.

A study included in the first batch of Pfizer documents released on March 1 following a court order indicates that the company’s Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccine accumulates in the ovaries over time.  This is significant because official data from the U.K. recently showed that the cases of ovarian cancer in 2021 were at a record high. Also last year, the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA), the U.K.’s drug regulator, received more than 40,000 reports linked to reproductive and menstrual disorders that were suspected as adverse reactions to the vaccines.  The study, which is among the many documents that can be accessed on the Public Health and Medical Professionals for Transparency website, was conducted on 21 female and 21 male Wistar rats.  Each animal subject was given a single intramuscular dose of the Pfizer COVID-19 vaccine. Then, researchers tested rat blood and tissue samples to determine the content and concentration of total radioactivity in blood, plasma and tissues at pre-defined points after administration.  This means the scientists measured how much of the coronavirus vaccine spread to other parts of the animals’ bodies, such as their skin, liver, spleen and heart.  According to the results, the Pfizer vaccine accumulates in the ovaries over time. An ovary is one of a pair of female glands where eggs form and the female hormones estrogen and progesterone are made.  Within the first 15 minutes of vaccination, the scientists discovered that the total lipid concentration in the ovaries measured 0.104 ml. The figure then increased to 1.34 ml after one hour, 2.34 ml after four hours and 12.3 ml after 48 hours.  The research team didn’t conduct further research on the accumulation after a period of 48 hours, so it remains to be seen if the alarming accumulation continued beyond that time frame. (Related: Pfizer’s COVID vaccine causes miscarriages, stillbirths.)  Links between COVID-19 vaccines and ovarian cancer Official data from the U.K. published by Public Health Scotland contained some alarming clues hinting at the consequences of vaccine accumulation in the ovaries. It presents information concerning different topics like births and babies, child health, cancer, cardiovascular and mental health, injuries, pregnancy and substance use.  In September 2021, Dr. Victoria Male, a lecturer in reproductive immunology at Imperial College London, published an article in the British Medical Journal about a possible link between menstrual changes and the COVID-19 vaccines.  While side effects like soreness in the arm, fever and fatigue are common in vaccinated individuals, others like changes to periods and unexpected vaginal bleeding hint at a potential connection that should be studied further.  She added that the effects of medical interventions on menstruation “should not be an afterthought in future research.” Since clinical trials are the ideal setting for differentiating between menstrual changes caused by interventions from those that occur anyway, volunteers “are unlikely to report changes to periods unless specifically asked.”  “Information about menstrual cycles and other vaginal bleeding should be actively solicited in future clinical trials, including trials of COVID-19 vaccines,” concluded Male.  While it’s impossible to definitively conclude that coronavirus vaccines are the cause of an increase in cases of ovarian cancer, the data from Pfizer and the thousands of menstrual disorders being reported as adverse reactions to the injections suggest something worth investigating.  

Early on in the plandemic, we reported that unusual HIV insertions had been identified in the Wuhan coronavirus (Covid-19). This strongly suggested at the time that the virus was a bioweapon constructed in a laboratory.  Since that time, it has been further revealed that Tony Fauci of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (NIAID) owns a patent on at least one such HIV insertion, known as gp120.  HIV’s gp120 protein, reports Igor Chudov on his Substack, is the one that activates LFA-1 on CD4 T-Lymphocytes and increases cell susceptibility to LFA-1-targeting leukotoxin, according to a 2011 study.  Interestingly, gp120 just so happens to also be located in the spike protein of SARS-CoV-2, as well as in the spike protein of all covid “vaccines.”  In a nutshell, gp120, as applied to the spike proteins in both covid and covid injections, effectively destroys the body’s immune T cells in the same way as HIV. And gp120 specifically is used to deliver HIV into the lymphocytes via the LFA-1 receptor.  “T lymphocytes are cells that are responsible for killing infected or cancerous cells,” Chudov explains, citing the science behind T cells and what they do:  “T cells are a type of white blood cell known as a lymphocyte. Lymphocytes protect the body against cancerous cells and cells that have become infected by pathogens, such as bacteria and viruses.”  “T cell lymphocytes are necessary for cell mediated immunity, which is an immune response that involves the activation of immune cells to fight infection. T cells function to actively destroy infected cells, as well as to signal other immune cells to participate in the immune response.”  Covid was clearly developed in a lab using Fauci’s patented HIV insert to destroy human immunity As you can see, T cells are a critical component of healthy immunity. Without them, the body basically has AIDS, which is why a growing body of evidence points to the “fully vaccinated” now having vaccine-induced AIDS, also known as VAIDS.  “The primary mechanism of AIDS is depletion of CD4 cells,” Chudov further explains. “For Sars-CoV-2, we see depletion of CD4 and CD8 cells as well.”  Not only does the Fauci Flu infect T cells, but it also contains the gp120 HIV insert. This is not natural, as there are no known coronaviruses in nature that possess these uniquely harmful traits.  “Amazingly enough, if you still believe in coincidences, HIV also uses the same LFA-1 receptor (as covid) to enter lymphocytes, and uses the same gp120 protein to facilitate the entry,” Chudov writes.  Based on the available research, it is now apparent that Fauci et al. manipulated SARS-CoV-2 to make it target the immune system and deplete it of lymphocytes, just like HIV.  So-called “mild” covid may not leave the immune system decimated of lymphocytes forever, according to Chudov. Those who take the “vaccines,” on the other hand, could face a much worse outcome.  “Fauci is Dr. Mengele … and he should be punished the same way,” someone wrote in response to these revelations.  “Fauci was involved in the HIV ‘pandemic’ of the ’80s,” pointed out another.  “He butted heads with President Reagan over the cause and cure. Fauci suppressed generic drugs and pushed the expensive experimental ‘vaccines.’ He said HIV was airborne and would have killed many millions. He said every age group would be affected. Sound familiar?”  “He was wrong about HIV like he was about Covid. Sars-Covid-2, unlike Sars-Covid-1, has HIV inserted into it. Meaning, it was man-made. Fauci owns the patents and stock in Big Pharma. Coincidence? No. Collusion.”

VOSLOORUS, SOUTH AFRICA — A popular, 40-year-old South African DJ and entrepreneur is dead, sending shock waves through the country’s hip-hop community.  (Article by Tumi Mooi republished from TheCOVIDBlog.com)  DJ Dimplez, whose real name is Tumi Mooi, is the founder of Pop Bottles Entertainment, a talent and event branding agency. He was also a very influential presence in South African hip-hop. DJ Dimplez won three South African Hip Hop Awards in 2013, including DJ of the Year. He won the award again in 2014. DJ Dimplez was also a social media influencer, with over 471,000 Twitter followers and 143,000 Instagram followers.  He is best known for his 2014 hits “Way Up” and “Yaya.”      Vaccine promotions and death DJ Dimplez received his first injection on July 21, according to his Instagram page. It’s unclear which injection he received. But several Twitter threads with his friends and fans suggest that it was Pfizer. At least one person in the IG thread did not approve of his decision. Another told the tired “is your 5G improved yet” joke, prompting a laugh out loud emoji from Dimplez.        He received his second injection on September 13, according to his Twitter page.    There’s no indication on Twitter or Instagram that he received a booster shot.  A DJ named Karabo Ted tweeted that Dimplez was performing a gig at a restaurant called Moagi Wings on March 5. “[Dimplez] cried and no one was allowed to be close by,” Karabo Ted wrote. “Now today he’s no more. Weirdest thing I’ve witnessed in my life!! WOW MAN!!”    Another witness on Facebook said he “just collapsed” on stage and was rushed to the hospital.    Buzz Life News reported that he collapsed in his home the morning of March 6.    The Mooi family announced the next day that DJ Dimplez suffered a “sudden brain hemorrhage,” meaning a stroke. He passed away that morning.    His funeral was livestreamed on March 11.  Africans saw through the propaganda Only two countries on the African Continent – Mauritius and Seychelles – have vaccinated 70% or more of their populations, according to the United Nations. But 37 of Africa’s 54 countries are less than 10% vaccinated. We’ve covered only four total vaccine death cases in Africa since The COVID Blog™ started in January 2021.  Ms. Rosette Kyarikunda was the Ugandan medical student who died on August 31, 14 days after her AstraZeneca injection. Mr. Albert Owusu Sarpong was the 20-year-old Ghanaian student who passed away in December after his injection. Digital media strategist Siyabonga Africa was from South Africa. He passed away on July 19, three days after his first Pfizer injection.  Americans, Australians, Canadians, and Europeans are voluntarily wiping themselves out at high rates with the injections. Makes you wonder what the powers-that-be have in store for Africa since the people on the Continent largely shunned the experimental injections. Some of the worst atrocities in human history have been perpetrated by European imperialists in Africa. Few people even know about Leopold II of Belgium. He killed over 10 million people in the Congo, and tortured and maimed millions more in the late 1800s. There’s no telling how many Africans Bill Gates has killed with his evil vaccine wet dreams. Nothing is out of the question there.  We know that the Western world is being depopulated with these mRNA and viral vector DNA injections. History tells us that the powers-that-be are not simply going to allow Africans live and let live. Just hope they are prepared for whatever is coming to them. Stay vigilant and protect your friends and loved ones.

Data recently released by the New Zealand government showed fully vaccinated individuals developing acquired immunodeficiency syndrome or AIDS, showing major degradation of the immune system.  Just like other governments before, the New Zealand Ministry of Health only provides a cumulative total of Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) cases from August 16, 2021, showing misleading numbers considering that the nation is currently experiencing its biggest outbreak to date.  However, this is not the only problem when it comes to New Zealand’s reporting. On August 16, 2021, the date the Health Ministry has chosen to provide a cumulative total, only 18.4 percent of the population was considered fully vaccinated.  Infections have been increasing, with 20,632 new infections reported on average every day. This is around 99 percent of the peak average reported on March 7.  New Zealand has administered at least 10,757,940 doses of the vaccines so far. Assuming every person needs two doses, that number is enough for 109.4 percent of the country’s population. However, only 78 percent are considered fully vaccinated.  The data presented by the government showed that the real-world two-dose COVID-19 vaccine effectiveness between January 6 to February 11,  proved to be in the negative at -94.4 percent. However, between February 12 to 24, the numbers declined further, with effectiveness estimated to have fallen to -281.35 percent. This means the fully vaccinated are 3.8 times more likely to be infected with COVID-19 than the unvaccinated or single-dose population.  Much of the data that is being released also showed that the shots are slowly giving the population AIDS, which is a complete degradation of the immune system. When this happens, even the slightest cold could be detrimental to their health, as their immune systems will be too weak to fight off the virus. (Related: Dr. Zev Zelenko: Anyone with immune deficiency can die from a cold.)  UK data shows similar evidence The U.K. government also recently released more documentation that showed strong evidence of the COVID-19 vaccine causing AIDS. According to compiled data, vaccine immunity is not supposed to wane. The human immune system, however, can get damaged or degraded.  Vaccine effectiveness, as it turns out, is not the measure of a vaccine per se, but a measure of its effectiveness in terms of the recipient’s immune system performance compared to the immune system performance of an unvaccinated person.  The first time the body encounters a germ, it can take several days to make and use all the germ-fighting tools needed to get over the infection. After, the immune system remembers what it learned about how to protect the body against the disease.  Vaccines, on the other hand, help develop immunity by imitating an infection. Once the imitation goes away, the body is left with a supply of “memory” t-cells and antibodies that will remember how to fight the disease in the future. So when authorities say that vaccine effectiveness weakens over time, they really mean that the immune system is the one that is weakening.  In taking the case rates found in previous reports, tracking the real-world vaccine effectiveness and immune system performance is easy based on previously published data.  Based on the information given, the 40 to 49-year-old age range had the worst immune system performance, which was recorded at -60 percent by January 2. It declined further to -67.7 percent by January 30.  With the information given, it can be gauged that COVID-19 death rates per 100,000, by vaccination status in England, calculated from the number of deaths found and the size of the double-vaccinated population, it seems that the double vaccinated population has the highest death rate per 100,000 in every age group except for the 18 to 29 and 40 to 49-year-olds. However, it is expected that the rate could switch up in the coming weeks.

A peer-reviewed study published in the highly-respected Elsevier journal EBioMedicine has revealed that the DTP vaccine unleashed by Bill Gates on young girls in Africa killed 10 times more of them than the disease itself would have.  The paper, commissioned by the Danish government and the Novo Nordisk Foundation, was published back in 2017, though it has not received nearly the attention it deserves. In essence, it exposes Gates as a genocidal murderer who has committed heinous crimes against humanity.  Led by Drs. Søren Wengel Mogensen and Peter Aaby, the study looked at the combination diphtheria, pertussis (whooping cough) and tetanus vaccine, which was discontinued in the United States back in the ’90s due to thousands of reports of death and brain damage.  “Despite widespread vaccination,” the Great Game India journal notes, “the United States and other countries are still experiencing large pertussis outbreaks.”  Prior to the publishing of this study, the World Health Organization (WHO) had never bothered to conduct a trial looking at vaccinated versus unvaccinated health outcomes, which would have been necessary to determine whether the DTP vaccine was truly safe and effective.  Even so, Bill and Melinda Gates, arguably the evilest people living today, pushed the drug on innocent African babies, including in Guinea Bissau where half of all children die before the age of five.  Compared to children in Guinea Bissau who did not receive Gates’ DTP vaccine, children who did were found to have died at 10 times the rate of other children. The jab was also found to make vaccinated children more susceptible to other deadly diseases that unvaccinated children do not typically contract.  “The vaccine apparently compromised their immune systems,” Great Game India explains.  The study itself declared that no prospective study “has shown beneficial survival effects of DTP,” despite being “the most widely used vaccine.”  “It should be of concern that the effect of routine vaccinations on all-cause mortality was not tested in randomized trials,” the study further reveals.  “All currently available evidence suggests that DTP vaccine may kill more children from other causes than it saves from diphtheria, tetanus or pertussis. Though a vaccine protects children against the target disease it may simultaneously increase susceptibility to unrelated infections.”  None of this matters to Gates, though, who continues to financially punish nations for not complying with his vaccination programs. Gates has also been caught trying to bribe nations to push more vaccines on their populations, using “mandatory” programs, if necessary, to achieve compliance.  GAVI, which is funded by Gates and the British government, has further infiltrated India’s healthcare policy-making mechanisms, which is now aggressively pushing Wuhan coronavirus (COVID-19) vaccines on Indian people.  Wherever brown and black people can be found, in other words, Bill and Melinda Gates are there working to inject them all with sterilizing, DNA-altering chemicals in the name of public health.  India’s “Covaxin” jab, manufactured by Bharat Biotech, is actually the product of Gates funding through his international pharmaceutical lobby. This is one of the reasons why vaccine truth advocate Robert F. Kennedy Jr. in a paper described the billionaire eugenicist as having an “obsession with vaccines.”  “There are revolving door problems with all of our federal agencies and all of our state agencies,” Kennedy stated during an interview on RT from earlier in 2020.  “There’s a phenomenon or a dynamic by which the agency that’s supposed to protect the American public from bad drugs or from pollution of what have you ultimately becomes a subsidiary or a sock puppet for the industry it is supposed to regulate.”

A South African public health official has urged compatriots to ignore “fake news” that claims the coronavirus vaccines were designed to kill black people, noting that they are being taken by people from a variety of racial backgrounds.  Dr. Sandile Tshabalala, who leads the department of health for KwaZulu-Natal (KZN) province, made the remarks last week, according to South African news website Independent Online. He noted that it was odd that South Africans were questioning the coronavirus vaccine, when they were subjected to a variety of different vaccines from an early age:  “The truth of the matter is there is a vaccination programme in South Africa, which starts as soon as you are born. You get to be vaccinated from that time on until you are at least 14 years old.  “You get to be vaccinated with different vaccines, which themselves have different things in them and, as such, you are not even aware what is in this vaccine. But today you want to question this vaccine. That is not normal.  He also added that it was unreasonable to believe the COVID-19 vaccines were designed to kill black people:  “The reality of the matter is, if anyone wanted to kill South Africans using a vaccine, they could have achieved that long ago. “So, it is mere fake news that now there is somebody who want to kill South Africans using any vaccine for that matter. If you’re saying it’s aimed at killing Black people… Everyone across the racial spectrum is getting vaccinated. Then, why would it kill only Black people? It does not make sense. So, there is nothing like that.”  In the U.S., data show that “[w]hile as of September 21, 2021, White adults accounted for the largest share (60%) of unvaccinated adults, Black and Hispanic people remain less likely than their White counterparts to have received a vaccine, leaving them at increased risk, particularly as the variant spreads.”  Some have cited mistrust within the black community of the medical profession and of hospitals as a reason for the lag in vaccination among African Americans.  Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News and the host of Breitbart News Sunday on Sirius XM Patriot on Sunday evenings from 7 p.m. to 10 p.m. ET (4 p.m. to 7 p.m. PT). He is the author of the recent e-book, Neither Free nor Fair: The 2020 U.S. Presidential Election. His recent book, RED NOVEMBER, tells the story of the 2020 Democratic presidential primary from a conservative perspective. He is a winner of the 2018 Robert Novak Journalism Alumni Fellowship. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.

A prominent South African doctor who played a key role in developing early treatments for COVID-19 has said that the current vaccine campaigns have one purpose: to “control and kill off a large proportion of our population without anyone suspecting that we were poisoned.”  This controversial claim was made by a family doctor in South Africa, Dr. Shankara Chetty, whose website says he has successfully treated 7,000 patients with COVID-19 without a single death or hospitalization. He is also the doctor behind the “8th Day Therapy for COVID-19” geared toward patients in the disease’s more dangerous inflammatory stage.  In a video recording, Dr. Chetty said that while we all know that there are inconsistencies and coercion going on right now, it is important to understand the reasons. For him, it all boils down to the spike protein.  “If I had to give you my opinion, as to what is happening on a global scale, [the] spike protein is one of the most contrived toxins or poisons that man has ever made,” he stated. “And the aim of this toxin is to kill billions without anyone noticing it. So, it’s a poison with an agenda.”  In his opinion, global lockdowns led patients to get to hospitals later in the disease’s progression, and the protocols used were designed “to engineer death and damage [in order] to stir all the fear” in order to justify vaccinating the planet and exposing all of us to the spike protein for longer.  Too many varied deaths will make it hard to pin the blame on the vaccine He paints a deeply disturbing picture of how the vaccine is going to kill people without ever making itself look like the obvious culprit. The vaccine’s spike protein will be distributed throughout the body via mRNA, he says, and made in different tissues throughout the body.  Brighteon.TV “Those tissues will be recognized as foreign and will trigger a host of autoimmune responses. So, the deaths that are meant to follow the vaccinations will never be able to be pinned on the poison! They will be too diverse, there will be too many, and they will be in too broad a timeframe for us to understand that we have been poisoned,” he said.  The vaccine’s ability to exacerbate pre-existing illnesses means that people’s deaths will instead be blamed on whatever underlying conditions they had, even if those conditions never would have killed them otherwise. This might be cancer flareups spurred by the vaccine that kill patients, whose deaths would then be blamed on the cancer rather than the vaccine. Likewise, diabetics who have strokes and people with hypertension who have heart attacks will have their illnesses attributed to those conditions rather than the vaccines.  While it may sound outlandish to some, he believes that understanding the “endgame” provides lots of clarity. Since the vaccines don’t make sense from a scientific standpoint, he believes this is a more likely explanation.  “But I think if people understand what the intention is, then they’ll understand why what’s happened has happened. The ill logic, the coercion, the suppression, is all warranted if you understand that there is a bigger plan. This plan is to make sure that we can control and kill off a large proportion of our population without anyone suspecting that we were poisoned,” he stated.  Other prominent doctors have taken a somewhat similar stance, including a former senior project manager for the Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunization (GAVI), Geert Vanden Bossch, and highly published physician and COVID-19 expert, Dr. Peter McCullough.  Another expert, former Pfizer Vice President and Chief Scientist for Allergy & Respiratory, Dr. Michael Yeadon, said when posting Dr. Chetty’s video on Telegram: “The vaccine mandates are illogical & frightening, since most aren’t at great risk from the virus in the first place & the vaccines don’t prevent infection or transmission. So, they don’t provide a societal benefit, only a potential individual benefit,” he stated.  “We’d NEVER force people to do something which ONLY benefits them & even then, under unlikely circumstances. It’s nuts. Decline,” he added, referring to the dangerous vaccines.

Dr. Shankara Chetty is a world expert on the science and treatment of COVID-19. He treated THOUSANDS of COVID-19 patients at his hospital since the beginning of the pandemic and he has a lot of experience with this.  He is also acutely aware of the COVID-19 agenda which he describes in detail. In this brief and concise 11 minute video, Dr Chetty stitches together his medical knowledge with his political insights. He paints a clear and powerful picture of our current reality. What he said will turn your world upside down and deal a hard blow to your guts:  “This plan is to make sure that we can control and kill off a large proportion of our population without anyone suspecting that we were poisoned and so I think the justification for everything we see is warranted in understanding the endgame.”  “The pathogen that causes all deaths from the disease is the spike protein. And the spike protein is what the vaccine is supposed to make in your body. …Spike protein is one of the most contrived poisons man has ever created. And, the purpose of this poison is to kill billions of people without anyone noticing. So it’s a poison with an agenda.” said South African Physician Dr. Shankara Chetty.

Politicians and so-called experts across the planet increasingly want to force you to get inoculated with a substance that takes away at least twice the lives it saves, across all age groups. It doesn’t matter anymore if this is intentional or just sheer incompetence, we have no time left to discuss that. We’re killing people. Millions of people. Our loved ones, family, friends, and neighbors. It has to stop. Now. We have gone mad. Maybe Steve Kirsch’s access to the FDA can help.  And when Steve says the vaccines killed 200,000 Americans so far already, and permanently disabled 300,000, remember that this is just the tip of the iceberg: many if not most of the effects will only show up later. And then Pfizer today claims that their stuff is safe for kids 5 years old and up. Who are 99.9996% safe if they get infected, due to their immune system, which also gets killed by the vaccines.  And I would have some questions about the people “saved” by the vaccines. Because a recent Israel study suggests only that “a booster can strengthen protection for a few weeks in older adults.” A few weeks? And we call that a vaccine now?  Stop it. We have gone mad.        The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) may have opened Pandora’s box on Covid. Not sure why, but for some reason they invited Steve Kirsch to a virtual meeting of the FDA Vaccine Advisory Committee, aka the Vaccines and Related Biological Products Advisory Committee, on September 17. The same committee that decided not to recommend booster shots for all Americans.  Kirsch is an entrepreneur who started several companies in the computing field, for instance Infoseek. He’s worth a few hundred million dollars. He also set up treatearly.org, which promotes early treatment for Covid. Didn’t anyone at the FDA know that in March, Kirsch offered $1 million to anyone who could prove fluvoxamine was not what saved 77 people in a trial, and identify what did?  Or that he offered $10,000 for a one hour debate on Covid? Or did someone at the FDA open Pandora’s box on purpose? And I know, officially the committee is independent from the FDA, and I don’t know what role Kirsch played in the 16-2 decision against boosters, but there are obviously some people there who feel uncomfortable with the current vaccine-at-all-costs approach. I wouldn’t rule out it was done on purpose. But the info is out there now, and YouTube and Twitter are not going to ban or shadowban the FDA.  Wikipedia about Kirsch is fun:  In April 2020, he started the COVID-19 Early Treatment Fund (CETF) with a personal donation of $1M in order to fund COVID-19 drug repurposing research. In May 2021, Kirsch posted an article online making an unfounded claim that COVID-19 vaccines affect fertility, while also underplaying the vaccines’ ability to prevent illness and death. The following month, Kirsch appeared in a YouTube video posted with Bret Weinstein and Robert W. Malone to discuss COVID-19 vaccines. In the video, Kirsch makes several false claims, including that spike proteins used in COVID-19 vaccines are “very dangerous”.  And he’s banned from YouTube and Twitter:        Here’s part of his presentation to the committee. The vaccines kill twice as many people as they save.        I summarized part of his latest slide deck here:     What You Need To Know About Covid Vaccine Safety  Censorship required The way to fight truth is using misinformation, intimidation, mandates, and censorship. Our government is ignoring early treatments and tells everyone that early treatment don’t work. They demonize the key treatment used by India to be COVID-free. Their agenda is to push the vaccine, not to cure COVID. Social media companies will censor, demonetize, and/or ban you for telling the truth. If you are a doctor, you can have your license revoked if you say the vaccines are unsafe.  COVID vaccines kill more people than they save for all age groups. On average, in the US, COVID vaccines kill 2 people for every person they save over a 6 month period.  To date 200K Killed 300K permanently disabled  Here’s how we compute the 2:1 ratio that shows the vaccines are nonsensical.  V:C defined  V:C is the ratio of the the number of vaccine-caused deaths (V) relative to the projected number of COVID deaths (C) that could be saved by the vaccine over a 6 month period. A number like 2:1 means we kill 2 people for every COVID death we save. That’s bad. For a COVID vaccine to be viable, you’re looking for V:C of 1:x where x > 100, i.e., you want the risk to be very small compared to the benefit. If you are saving the lives of >100,000 people, you don’t want to have to kill >1,000 people to have to do that. That would completely unacceptable in a civilized society and would be unprecedented in modern times, especially when we have early treatments that work with over 99% risk reduction that don’t have any safety issues.  V:C varies by place, time, age. V:C depends on the vaccine type, the rate of COVID deaths in your community at a particular time, and your age. For this presentation, we’ll compute this as a country-wide average for the US.  Determining V. In general, the three vaccines in the US work through a very similar process. The vaccines have an estimated death rate of close to 1 death for every 1,000 people who are vaxed. Here, we calculate a deaths per million doses for each age range (using VAERS). For risk/reward assessments done by age, this gives the most precise guidance.  See also  APPLE IPHONE IS ABOUT TO GO INTO PEOPLE'S EYES Determining C. We use COVID mortality data from the CDC to determine the risk of death from COVID.        Is the vaccine safe for some age groups? The vaccines may have a positive risk/benefit for people in a certain demographic. The CDC and FDA think the vaccines are perfectly safe and have killed no one, so they have never done this analysis. For example, the VRBPAC unanimously approved boosters for people over 65. None of the panel members made the risk-benefit calculation. They were guessing. Were they right? No. They were dead wrong based on both our calculations and the real-world evidence. Here’s what the detailed calculations showed…  V:C in the US is not favorable for any age. The table shows the V:C numbers by age.        You can read this article which details how all these numbers were calculated. So for kids, we kill over 6 kids to save 1 kid from a COVID death. Mandating vaccination for anyone, especially school-age children, is proof of a corrupt society. Therefore, it’s nonsensical to vaccinate any age group. The FDA VRBPAC committee concluded that there is a benefit for 65 year old and older, but they refused to consider the mortality caused.        The full presentation, all 8+ hours of it. I set it to start at the point where Kirsch comes in, but knock yourself out.             Here are some earlier things by Kirsch.     From August 31:  Open Letter to CDC  I am the founder of the COVID-19 Early Treatment Fund (www.treatearly.org). Our work in funding early treatments for COVID was featured on 60 Minutes. I have been vaccinated and my entire family has been vaccinated. However, shortly after I was fully vaccinated, I began to hear stories from my friends that were very troubling. For example, one friend had three relatives who were formerly healthy die after getting the vaccine. Another friend had a heart attack 2 minutes after the injection and is now disabled, apparently for life. I assembled a team of over 19 doctors and scientists listed at the end of this comment to investigate the available evidence. Using the VAERS database and other official government data sources from the US and around the world (covering 35% of the world’s population), we found evidence that clearly demonstrates that the current vaccines are significantly more dangerous than has been previously believed.  Our most important findings include:  1/ The “real world” fatality data from VAERS does not match the fatality data from the Phase 3 trials. They aren’t even close. Using multiple independent methods, we estimate that over 150,000 Americans have already been killed. It is urgent to resolve this discrepancy as soon as possible as we strongly believe that the real world data is right and the vaccines should be immediately stopped.  2/ None of the COVID vaccines reduce all-cause morbidity. It’s the opposite: they all significantly increase all-cause morbidity by as much as 4.2 times baseline (p<=0.00001). The CDC must know this since this information is hiding in plain sight in the published literature. What is the point of offering an optional medical intervention which significantly increases all-cause morbidity when safer alternatives such as early treatment are available?  3/ There is an error in the adverse event detection formula used by the CDC that appears to have prevented the CDC from seeing the safety signals that were obvious to our VAERS experts.  4/ Early treatment and prophylaxis protocols are a superior option to the current vaccines, yet have been inexplicably ignored by the NIH: • Higher relative risk reduction (over 99%) • Greater safety (minor temporary side effects, known safety profile) – They lower both all-cause mortality and all-cause morbidity – They work equally well on all variants – They do not promote escape variants – They do not cause vaccine enhanced infectivity/replication – They do not cause prion diseases – They prevent long-haul COVID syndrome nearly 100% of the time – They enable people to acquire recovered immunity which is both 13 times stronger and more durable than vaccine-induced immunity  We recommend the committee take the following actions: • Require autopsies for all deaths within 4 weeks of any COVID19 vaccination so that data is available to compute an estimate of the true all-cause mortality. • Make available the analysis of the 11,000 deaths investigation in VAERS for public inspection. It’s important for the public to understand why the CDC couldn’t attribute a single death to the vaccine whereas one of the world’s top pathologists ascribed at least 30% of all deaths to the vaccine. • Explain publicly why there is a death peak on the second day after vaccination if the vaccinations are perfectly safe and not causing deaths. • Explain publicly why the severe adverse side effects are dose dependent  [..] • Recommend that vaccine mandates should not be issued without evidence of a statistically significant all-cause morbidity decrease (which there is not in this case). • Define a COVID vaccine stopping condition after which that vaccine should be halted until the stopping issues are addressed. In 1976, the stopping threshold was 35 deaths.        From June 12:  Should You Get Vaccinated?  At least 6,000 deaths from the vaccine. The OpenVAERS team think it is over 20,000 due to under reporting. Biodistribution data shows massive accumulation in ovaries of the LNP (which instructs cells in ovaries to sprout toxic spike protein). Whoops. That was never supposed to be leaked out. We obtained it via FOIA request. The CDC never told you about that one, did they? Of course not! 82% miscarriage rate in first 20 weeks (10% is the normal rate). It is baffling that the CDC says the vaccine is safe for pregnant women when it is so clear that this is not the case. For example, one our family friends is a victim of this. She miscarried at 25 weeks and is having an abortion on 6/9/21. She had her first shot 7 weeks ago, and her second shot 4 weeks ago. The baby had severe bleeding of the brain and other disfigurements. Her gynecologist had never seen anything like that before in her life. They called in a specialist who said it was probably a genetic defect (because everyone buys into the narrative that the vaccine is safe it is always ruled out as a possible cause). No VAERS report. No CDC report. Yet the doctors I’ve talked to say that it is over 99% certain it was the vaccine. The family doesn’t want an autopsy for fear that their daughter will find out it was the vaccine. This is a perfect example of how these horrible side effects just never get reported anywhere. 25X the possibility of myocarditis for teen boys (can lead to heart failure and death) Kids already have natural immunity (Science Magazine article), so there is no benefit to vaccination, only risk. Have you ever seen the risk / benefit analysis by the CDC?? Ask for it before you consent. No point vaccinating those who’ve had COVID-19: Findings of Cleveland Clinic study. No benefit, only risk. Doctors who attribute adverse events to the vaccine are punished (such as Dr. Hoffe). So under reporting is incentivized. The CDC refuses to say how many people have died and is “still investigating” heart damage in kids even though it is obvious why (free spike protein causing clotting and inflammation). A 25X increase when the only “new” thing is the vaccine isn’t hard to figure out. Ask the CDC for their current top 5 hypotheses for the cause. It will be more than amusing to see what they say. If it isn’t the vaccine, heads should roll. The CDC is deliberately misleading the American people. Check out the side effects page. Death, disability, excessive miscarriage rates, heart attacks, stroke, inability to walk, talk, or see, Bell’s Palsy, persistent pain, Parkinson’s like symptoms, re-activation of shingles, blood clots, etc. are all missing. >500X more deadly than the flu vaccine COVID vaccines have generated more adverse reports in the last 6 months than all 70 vaccines over the past 30 years combined. They missed that one. Defective virus design (s1 was never supposed to be free, inclusion of PEG was unnecessary and allows LNP to be widely distributed) Strong opposition to vaccination by extremely credible voices like Malone, Geert Vanden Bossche, others NIAID (Cliff Lane) is improperly manipulating the COVID Treatment Guidelines to make it appear these drugs do not work, thus giving the world the false impression that the vaccine, even if imperfect, is the only way out. Ivermectin and fluvoxamine have been confirmed in Phase 3 trials. Ivermectin has a very high quality systematic review, the highest possible level in Evidence Based Medicine. Repurposed drugs are safer and more effective than the current vaccines. In general, early treatment with an effective protocols reduce your risk of dying by more than 100X so instead of 600,000 deaths, we’d have fewer than 6,000 deaths. NOTE: The vaccine has already killed over 6,000 people and that’s from the vaccine alone (and doesn’t count any breakthrough deaths). Vaccines skipped proper toxicology studies in order to bring to market faster. We don’t know what we don’t know. The unpredictable and horrifying side effects of this vaccine on heathy kids, such as the 16 year old girl who was unable to speak and see just 48 hours after being vaccinated Debilitating side effects can happen at any time because vaccine victims are very similar to COVID long haulers (Dr. Bruce Patterson has discovered this) and we all know that long haul can start at anytime (even when the disease is asymptomatic) and could be incurable. Because the vaccine is not perfectly safe, the government is required by law to warn people of the death and disability risks caused by the vaccine and to obtain informed consent. Always be sure to ask for the 50 most serious side effects and how often they happen. And find out whether they will compensate you if you are disabled for life from the vaccine. This is important because the blood clots can form anywhere with this very unsafe [vaccine] .    See also  While you are distracted with Ukraine EU Parliament is trying to make mandatory vaccines, digital ID etc permanent    The vaccines kill at least twice as many people as they save. And if you don’t take them, you will be an outcast. We have gone outrageously mad.

Dr. Lee Merritt completed an Orthopaedic Surgery Residency in the United States Navy and served 9 years as a Navy physician and surgeon where she also studied bioweapons before returning to Rochester, where she was the only woman to be appointed as the Louis A. Goldstein Fellow of Spinal Surgery.  Dr. Merritt has been in the private practice of Orthopaedic and Spinal Surgery since 1995, has served on the Board of the Arizona Medical Association, and is past president of the Association of American Physicians and Surgeons.  Dr. Merritt recently addressed the American Frontline Doctors and discussed how all through 2020 there were only 20 deaths among all active duty military personnel related to COVID. However, there are now many reports of tumors and over 80 cases of myocarditis (inflammation of the heart), which has a 5-year mortality rate of around 66%, following the COVID-19 shots given to the military.  WITH THE VACCINE PROGRAM WE’VE OSTENSIBLY KILLED MORE OF OUR YOUNG ACTIVE DUTY PEOPLE THAN COVID DID.  This is the not the first time the military has been implicated in killing active duty military with experimental vaccines. It happened also during the Gulf War with the experimental anthrax vaccine, which some estimates claim killed 35,000 military people with what was originally termed “Gulf War Syndrome.”  I have produced a video that includes an Army wife of an active duty soldier in South Korea explain how her previously healthy husband now has major heart problems after taking the COVID-19 vaccines, followed by a medic whistleblower who explains what lengths the military will go to to cover up deaths related to experimental vaccines.  Please watch this and share with everyone you know in the military, so we don’t see a repeat in history of what happened with the anthrax vaccine.  It is better to risk court martial and losing your military career than to give up your life for a vaccine, or become permanently disabled for what is now the largest public vaccine trial ever conducted upon humanity.  This is from our Rumble channel, and it should also be on our Bitchute channel shortly.   Also, here is the documentary: “Vaccine Syndrome: How the Experimental Anthrax Vaccine Killed 35,000 Military Men and Women” from our Bitchute channel.

The 1918 Influenza Epidemic  VERY FEW PEOPLE realize that the worst epidemic ever to hit America, the Spanish Influenza of 1918 was the after effect of the massive nation-wide vaccine campaign. Viruses were not known at that time so the doctors told the people that the disease was caused by germs. Germs, bacteria and viruses, along with bacilli and a few other invisible organisms are the scapegoats, which the doctors like to blame for the things they do not understand.  If we check back in history to that 1918 flu period, we will see that it suddenly struck just after the end of World War I when American soldiers were returning home from overseas, although there was a suggestion that the virus strain originated at Fort Riley, Kansas, in viruses in poultry and pigs which the fort bred for food; the soldiers were then sent from Fort Riley around the world, where they spread the disease. WWI was the first war in which multiple vaccines were forced on all U.S. servicemen.  “It was a common expression during the war that more soldiers were killed  by vaccine shots than by shots from enemy guns.”—E. McBean  This concoction of poisonous drugs and putrid proteins of which the vaccines were composed, caused such widespread disease and death among the soldiers that it was the common talk of the day, that more of our men were being killed by medical shots than by enemy gunfire.   US Army records show that seven men dropped dead after being vaccinated. A report from US Secretary of War Henry L Stimson not only verified these deaths but also stated that there had been 63 deaths and 28,585 cases of hepatitis as a direct result of yellow fever vaccination during only six months of the war. And that was only ONE of the 14 to 25 shots given to recruits.  Life at Camp Dix Trenton, NJ Life at Camp Dix Trenton, NJ  ARMY RECORDS also reveal that after vaccination became compulsory in the US Army in 1911, not only did typhoid increase rapidly but all other vaccinal diseases increased at an alarming rate. After America entered the war in 1917, the death rate from typhoid vaccination rose to the highest point in the history of the US Army.  The report of the Surgeon-General of the US Army shows that during 1917 there were admitted into the army hospitals 19,608 men suffering from anti-typhoid inoculation and vaccinia. The army doctors knew all these cases of disease and death were due to vaccination and were honest enough to admit it in their medical reports.  IT IS KNOWN that vaccines often cause other diseases besides the one for which they are given. For instance, smallpox vaccine often causes syphilis, paralysis, leprosy, and cancer. (See the chapters on smallpox and plagues.) Polio shots, diphtheria toxin-antitoxin, typhoid vaccine, as well as measles, tetanus and all other shots often cause various other stages of disease such as post-vaccinal encephalitis (inflammation of the brain,) paralysis, spinal meningitis, blindness, cancer (sometimes within two years,) tuberculosis, (two to twenty years after the shot,) arthritis, kidney disease, heart disease (heart failure sometimes within minutes after the shot and sometimes several hours later.) Nerve damage and many other serious conditions also follow the injections.  When doctors had tried to suppress the symptoms of the typhoid with a stronger vaccine, it caused a worse form of typhoid which they named paratyphoid. But when they concocted a stronger and more dangerous vaccine to suppress that one, they created an even worse disease which they didn’t have a name for. What should they call it? They didn’t want to tell the people what it really was — their own Frankenstein monster which they had created with their vaccines and suppressive medicines. They wanted to direct the blame away from themselves, so they called it Spanish Influenza.  Writing in the ‘Lancet’, Dr. William Collins of Oxford, says – “Surely we are seeing a type of influenza quite different from anything we have seen before. I well remember the severe epidemic of 1889-90 and attended a large number of cases, but the signs and symptoms which have been exhibited by patients I have attended during the past few days are quite new to me.”  After the war, this was one of the vaccines used in a vain attempt to protect a panic-stricken world from the soldiers returning from WWI battlefronts infected with dangerous diseases. The only ones who would ultimately escape the influenza were those who refused the vaccinations.   2013: SILENT EPIDEMIC, by award winning film director Gary Null, is the first documentary to investigate thoroughly the true medical record and the historical evidence about vaccine marvels. Interviewing leading private physicians, pediatricians, immunologists, biomolecular chemists, parents of vaccine-injured children, and legal experts voicing opposition to human rights violations over mandated vaccination, the film deconstructs the conventional vaccine hypothesis.  What really goes into the making of a vaccine that is being injected directly into the blood stream? Rather than worthy of praise, vaccine health risks have become a scourge injuring untold numbers of children, adults and families. Viewers will be introduced to the primitive technology for making vaccines, their life-threatening ingredients, and the hidden story world health agencies don’t want you to know. For people who have accepted vaccines’ promises, “Silent Epidemic” will certainly make them rethink its mythology. | More: Gary Null | podcast  THE DOCTORS didn’t want this massive vaccine disease blunder to reflect on them, so they agreed among themselves to call it Spanish Influenza. Spain was a neutral country during WWI, with no reporting restrictions, so the idea of siting the outbreak there seemed to be a good way for the medics to distance themselves from any scandal. The Spanish resented having the scourge planted on them, as they knew the flu didn’t originate in their country.  The 1918 flu was the most devastating disease in history, and it brought forth a profusion of medical tricks to try and control it, but the administering of poisionous, contaminated vaccines only worsened the weakened condition of the people, and the treatments ended up killing exponentially more people than the flu itself.  CampFunstonKS-InfluenzaHospital  It is estimated that the 1918 flu epidemic killed around 50 million people throughout the world—or as far away as the vaccinations reached. The truth of the matter is that most died from the crude and deadly vaccinations administered by their doctors.  “Medical historians have finally come to the reluctant conclusion that the great flu “epidemic” of 1918 was solely attributable to the widespread use of vaccines. It was the first war in which vaccination was compulsory for all servicemen. The Boston Herald reported that forty-seven soldiers had been killed by vaccination in one month.”—Eustace Mullins  More: whale.to | rense.com | spktruth2power | Aspirin Misuse May Have Made 1918 Flu Pandemic Worse  Vaccine-Induced Disease Epidemic Outbreaks | Flu Vaccine is the most Dangerous Vaccine in the U.S.  bio-weapons  Was it a Bio-Weapon?  SYMPTOMS of the 1918 ‘influenza’ virus were so unusual that initially it was misdiagnosed as dengue, cholera, or typhoid. Many observers noted atypical complications such as mucous membrane hemorrhaging of the nose, stomach, and intestine, and bleeding from the ears and under the skin. Another unusual feature was that half the dead were healthy young adults, 20 to 40 years old.  In 1948 Heinrich Mueller, the former head of the Gestapo, told his CIA Interrogator that the influenza pandemic of 1918-19, the most devastating plague in human history, was man-made.  At a 1944 Nazi bacteriological warfare conference in Berlin, General Walter Schreiber, Chief of the Medical Corps of the German Army told Mueller that he had spent two months in the US in 1927 conferring with his counterparts. They told him that the “so-called double blow virus” (i.e. Spanish Flu) was developed and used during the 1914 war. (This should come as no surprise because the US Army has a record of experimenting with drugs, chemicals and bacteria on its unwary soldiers.  According to Mueller’s testimony, the flu started as a US army bacteriological warfare experiment that somehow infected US army ranks at Camp Riley KS in March 1918, then “got out of control” and spread around the world. | More: “Gestapo Chief: The 1948 CIA Interrogation of Heinrich Mueller.”  More: henrymakow.com | See also: Scientists recreate 1918 flu virus, see parallels with H5N1    OCTOBER 2011: A shock vaccine study reveals that influenza vaccines only prevent the flu in 1.5 out of 100 adults—not 60% as you’ve been told. So what are these vaccinations really for? You won’t like this answer, but many believe flu shots are designed to “soft kill” the global population!  “Vaccines are population control technologies, as openly admitted by Bill Gates and they are so cleverly packaged under the fabricated “public health” message that even those who administer vaccines have no idea they are actually engaged in the reduction of human population through vaccine-induced infertility and genetic mutations.  “Vaccines ultimately have but one purpose: To permanently alter the human gene pool and “weed out” those humans who are stupid enough to fall for vaccine propaganda.  And for that nefarious purpose, they probably are 60% effective after all.”—Eva Snead, M.D.  See also: BILL GATES fears a Spanish flu-like disease could wipe out 33 million people [he should know]  BILL GATES’ Polio Vaccine Program Caused 47,500 Cases of Paralysis Deaths | Vaccines [search]   Pentagon clear to give anthrax shots again | Armed Forces Given Untested & Experimental Vaccines  Shots in the Dark: Unanswered Questions Plague The Military Vaccine Program | More  NVIC-Chart  More & more: 75% of children who received vaccines in Mexican town now dead or hospitalized | Tetanus Vaccines Found Spiked With Sterilization Chemical | CDC admits 98 million Americans were given cancer virus via the polio shot | What’s Really Behind Mandatory Vaccines  vaccination  Genocide: Vaccine Kills More Children  JAPAN HALTS VACCINES from Pfizer, Sanofi after deaths of four children  The deaths just keep mounting all across the world: Children are collapsing into comas and then dying, just minutes after receiving combination vaccines that have been deceptively marketed as “completely safe.” Last year, Australia temporarily banned flu vaccines in children after they were found to have caused vomiting, fevers and seizures.  Today the damage from vaccines is emerging in Japan, where the health ministry has suspended the use of vaccines from Pfizer and Sanofi-Aventis following the deaths of four children there who died within minutes of receiving these vaccine shots.  All four children received combination vaccines, where multiple shots are combined into one high-potency injection. MMR is another example of a combination vaccine shot that combines vaccines for measles, mumps and rubella. There is very strong evidence that vaccines are far more dangerous when given in combination than when given one at a time.  In the USA there have been more than 59,000 reports of adverse reactions to pneumococcal and Hib vaccines during the past few years. More than half of these cases – 30,094 – required hospitalization, with 2,169 deaths  The great vaccine damage cover-up  What will now happen in Japan is that a group of vaccine safety experts will meet to discuss the vaccines, and no doubt most of the members of that group will be paid off by Big Pharma. Within a day or two, a statement will be issued that states there is “no causal relationship exists between vaccines and child deaths” and the vaccine program will continue as usual. The ongoing deaths of children will be ignored or explained away as “mere coincidence.”  How many coincidences does it take to make a pattern? If you’re one of the brainwashed vaccine zealots, there is never a pattern. ALL deaths are automatically considered “coincidence,” no matter how many occur or how frequently they appear. A true scientist, of course, would observe the pattern and realize there is a cause-and-effect phenomenon taking place. But then again, vaccine zealots are nothing like real scientists. They are propagandists.  This is how the vaccine industry operates every day: Lie to the public that the vaccines are 100% safe and effective, then deny any hint of vaccines causing damage to anyone. It’s a double-layer deception. First, there’s the deception that vaccines are safe (they aren’t, and the vaccine industry refuses to subject them to scientific clinical trials versus non-vaccinated children in order to prevent this truth from coming out), and secondly that vaccines don’t damage anyone. That’s yet another lie: Vaccines cause untold damage to the neurology of children and adults alike.  Children are routinely killed by vaccines, and vaccines are being pushed in the false context that presumes vaccines are the only way to protect children from infectious disease in the first place. Nutrition actually works better, and it doesn’t kill children. But that’s not the choice presented to parents. The choice is either vaccination or non-vaccination. The choice is never presented as vaccination or vitamin D supplementation, is it?  The real cost in human suffering  If vaccines are so safe, then why do so many healthy young children suddenly collapse into autism in the hours or days following vaccination? Why is this neurological damage a global phenomenon that almost always occurs in children who are vaccinated? Why are non-vaccinated children so much healthier, more vibrant, more intelligent and more immune to infectious disease?  The vaccine industry doesn’t want you to ask these questions. You’re supposed to just accept their propaganda, take your shot, and keep coming back for more, year after year. If your child gets autism, it your fault, not theirs (according to them). If your child collapses into a coma and dies, you have no legal recourse because the U.S. Supreme Court has made it illegal to sue for damages from vaccine companies.  The entire medical system has been configured to suppress vaccine lawsuits and deny the evidence of vaccine damage and death. The court system denies justice to anyone whose children are damaged or killed by vaccines. And parents who question the safety of vaccines are ridiculed by doctors and even called “baby killers” by Bill Gates, who has funneled tens of billions of dollars into mass vaccination campaigns despite the fact that vaccines are killing children.  Of course, the vaccine industry claims its vaccines are saving far more children than they are killing (they claim their vaccines kill exactly zero children, by the way — a number that is an obvious lie). But even this argument falls flat when you consider that using nutrition to enhance immune function is far more effective than using vaccines. Even the Nobel prize winning Luc Montagnier, co-discoverer of the AIDS virus, says you can cure AIDS with a strong, healthy immune system. Much the same is true with nearly every other common infectious disease: Strong immune function resists infection far better than any vaccine. Vitamin D, for example, also works to prevent tuberculosis. The CDC has never admitted it publicly, of course, because the CDC is a political organization that protects the profits of the vaccine makers.  When it comes to what’s real versus what’s just corporate propaganda, one thing is certain: Scientific facts have never stood in the way of vaccine profits. The vaccine industry has become an unstoppable death machine based on non-existent science and arrogant quackery. It has become a huge profit center for the medical industry, of course, because much of the damage caused by vaccines results in future medical care profits that feed the drug companies.  What’s clear from all this is that vaccines are great at one thing: Population control.  “The world today has 6.8 billion people… that’s headed up to about 9 billion. Now if we do a really great job on new vaccines, health care, reproductive health services, we could lower that by perhaps 10 or 15 percent.”—Bill Gates  As of this week, the population of children in Japan has been reduced by four. And more vaccine-induced deaths are no doubt happening all across the world that go unreported or are intentionally censored out the medical records.    vaccination-1  THE BILL & MELINDA GATES FOUNDATION have geared up their family efforts to decrease population sizes worldwide through the use of the Oral Polio Vaccine. Recently the World Health Organization reported that the Type 2 Polio Virus has been eradicated in nature and that the Oral Polio Vaccine is the only means by which this virus is being spread through the human population.  The Gates Foundation Wants to Change Your DNA  Through the use of the GAVI Alliance (formerly the “Global Alliance for Vaccines and Immunisation” ) the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation and UNICEF (United Nations International Children’s Emergency Fund) the global eugenicists have started their use of the Oral Polio Vaccine (OPV) in Africa. Already the initial two million dosages have caused 47,500 cases of paralytic polio in children linked directly to the VDPV Vaccine Derived Polio Virus.  THE OPV given to children stays active in their system for up to two months with the live virus being shed in their stool and saliva. This puts unvaccinated children at risk due to the OPV’s ability to cross-contaminate. Inevitably the media will spin the story, blaming the unvaccinated children for the outbreak.  NOW JUMP into the research and development end of the spectrum and the Gates are hard at work mutating genomes of any animal they might be able to get their hands on. In this instance we see them focusing their higher sense of evil perversions towards the already satanically demonized goat. Remember the goat is used as a symbolic reference to Lucifer or Satan at least in modern day subcultures.  This makes the goat the perfect place for the Gates to start their new plan of turning the animals into manufacturing plants converting their bodies into cultivation units similar to what we see in the movie “The Matrix”. Although in this case it’s not a battery they are creating instead the goat is a living breathing biological weapon that just so happens to be indigenous to the African continent and a communal source of food for the locals…

We can officially confirm that the number of people who have died due to the Covid vaccines within the past 6 months is almost double the amount of people who have died of Covid-19 since March 2020.  We are able to confirm this thanks to data published by Public Health England Scotland, alongside the data published by the MHRA on the Yellow Card Report scheme. However, the true picture is likely much worse due to the vast amount of recorded deaths due to the jabs occurring in Scotland. This is because Public Health England refuses to the publish the same data.  I recommend that you take a look for yourselves at the UK Government Website Coronavirus vaccine – weekly summary of Yellow Card reporting. You can access it here :- https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/coronavirus-covid-19-vaccine-adverse-reactions/coronavirus-vaccine-summary-of-yellow-card-reporting  Here is a screen shot taken today, 18th July 2021. This shows the ADVERSE DRUG REACTIONS from the administered vaccines up to July 7th 2021.   According to data published by the NHS on deaths related to Covid-19 up to the 10th June 2021 there have been 87,253 deaths within 28 days of a positive test. However, of these just 3,591 died of Covid-19, whereas the remainder all had pre-existing conditions ranging from heart disease to dementia.  The 83,662 who died with pre-existing conditions may have only been added to the Covid death statistics because they received a positive test result for the SARS-CoV-2 virus within 28 days of their death. A test result that will have come about due to hospitals essentially mandating tests are carried out before treatment is offered, despite this being against the law.  The test used is the PCR test, which cannot detect infection and can find anything it wants to find if conducted at a high cycle rate, producing false positives, therefore it is not hard to see why tens of thousands of people who have died of other causes have been added to the Covid death statistics.   Using the figure of 3,591 people who have allegedly died of Covid-19 according to the NHS data, we can see that an average of 239.4 people have died per month since March 2020 through to June 2021.  This includes just 3,501 people over the age of 40, and a mere 90 people under the age of 40.  This really put things into perspective when you take the known figure of people who have died due to the Covid-19 vaccines. Since the 9th December 2020 through to the 30th June 2021 a total of 450 deaths have been reported to the MHRA Yellow Card scheme as adverse reactions to the Pfizer mRNA Covid-19 vaccine. An average of 75 per month.   Since the 5th January 2021 through to the 30th June 2021 a total of 960 recorded deaths have been reported to the MHRA Yellow Card scheme as adverse reactions to the AstraZeneca Covid-19 vaccine. An average of 160 per month.   The Moderna mRNA vaccine has also had 6 reports of death made against it. The MHRA Yellow Card scheme has also received 24 reports of death where the brand of vaccine were not specified.  This means the total number of deaths reported to the MHRA Yellow Card scheme as adverse reactions to all of the emergency approved Covid-19 vaccines in the past 6 months comes to a total of 1,440 up to the 30th June 2021. This is an average of 240 deaths occurring per month. This stat alone already outnumbers the average number of deaths per month of people who have died of Covid-19 by 0.6.  However, we also have data released by Public Health Scotland to work with.  A report released by PHS on the 23rd June 2021 has revealed that between the 8th December 2020 and the 11th June 2021 a total number of 5,522 people died within 28 days of having a dose of a Covid-19 vaccine.  According to the spreadsheet provided by Public Health Scotland which includes the quantity of deaths by type of vaccine and the date they occurred, 1,877 deaths have been due to the Pfizer jab, 3,643 deaths have been due to the AstraZeneca jab, and 2 deaths have been due to the Moderna jab.  This equates to an average of 920 deaths occurring every month due to the Covid-19 vaccines in Scotland alone. Outnumbering the average number of people who have died of Covid-19 in England by 680.6 per month.   Combining the total number of deaths reported to the MHRA as adverse reactions to the Covid-19 jabs, with the total number of deaths recorded within 28 days of having a Covid-19 jab in Scotland, we can see that on record there have been 6,962 deaths in the past 6 months due to the Covid-19 vaccines. This is almost double the number of people who have died of Covid-19 in England in the past 15 months.  This also means that based on the data available, 1,160 people are dying every month due to the Covid-19 vaccines on average. This outnumbers the average number of people who die of Covid-19 every month by 920.9.  Using the data on the number of deaths due to the Covid-19 vaccines in Scotland we can also estimate what the likely number of deaths are due to the jabs in England. Adjusting to the size of the population we estimate the actual number of deaths due to the jabs in England in the past 6 months could be as high as 57,470.  “But Devi Sridhar said they are 100% safe”, we hear you cry. Well, we’re sorry to inform you she didn’t tell the truth.  The data for Scotland also reveals that the number of deaths due to the Covid-19 vaccines in 6 months are ten times greater than the number of people who have died of Covid-19 between March 2020 and January 2021. A freedom of information request made on the 30th January asked the Scottish Government to reveal the total number of people who had died of Covid-19 since March 2020.  To which the Scottish Goverment responded on the 11th March 2021 with –  “The answer to your question is 596 deaths involving COVID-19 has been registered where there was no pre-existing medical condition between March 2020 and January 2021 (including).”   Whichever way you look at it, the data shows that the Covid-19 vaccines are killing far more people than Covid-19 ever has. The problem you have now is that they want to vaccinate your children next.

6 Billion People Humans To Be Killed By The Elite – NWO Depopulation Agenda – Holistic Doctors Who Died Mysteriously Exposed The Dangers of Vaccines and Cures For Cancer: Back in 2015 reports of the suspicious deaths of holistic doctors who exposed the many deadly dangers of vaccines and the correlation to austim began. The mysterious deaths of holistic doctors continue, without any mainstream media reporting, as many of the deaths have “plausible deniability”, which is the top facet of all mass media manipulation and deception.   …  Since 2015, there has been a major campaign to disprove all of these deaths as “conspiracy theories.” I knew back then that these holistic doctors were killed to silence their voices regarding the dangers of vaccines and the increasing rise of autism. But there may have been another reason. Once the COVID-19 “scamdemic” was launched these doctors would have been screaming at the top of their voices. Many physicians who survive have screamed about the dangers of the COVID-19 mRNA injections, like Dr. Joseph Mercola and Dr. Sherri Tenpenny. These physicians have a huge following. The doctors who died “mysteriously” were not nearly as well known, but all had influence and would have trumpeted the dangers of the mRNA vaccines creating a large chorus. Could that be why there was a barrage of mysterious holistic doctor deaths over the course of a few short years? Very possible. Also: JFK’S 1961 Prophecy EXPOSES Obama, Hillary, Pope Francis, and the NWO. Must Watch Video As I have mentioned many times, the world has been engaged in a silent war waged by the global elite fought with quiet weapons since 1954. The COVID-19 scamdemic is the culmination of the elite’s 63 year plan to reduce the world population to 500,000,000. We are in the ‘end phase’ of their clandestine depopulation agenda that is hidden in plain sight for all to see, read and hear. The elite talk about it   …  4/36 and they write about it. These facts cannot be denied. 30 Population Control Quotes That Show That The Elite Truly Believe That Humans Are A Plague Upon The Earth The following are 30 population control quotes which show that the elite truly believe that humans are a plague upon the earth and that a great culling is necessary… 1. UK Television Presenter Sir David Attenborough: “We are a plague on the Earth. It’s coming home to roost over the next 50 years or so.   …  5/36 It’s not just climate change; it’s sheer space, places to grow food for this enormous horde. Either we limit our population growth or the natural world will do it for us, and the natural world is doing it for us right now” 2. Paul Ehrlich, a former science adviser to president George W. Bush and the author of “The Population Bomb”: “To our minds, the fundamental cure, reducing the scale of the human enterprise (including the size of the population) to keep its aggregate consumption within the carrying capacity of Earth is obvious but too much neglected or denied” 3. Paul Ehrlich again, this time on the size of families: “Nobody, in my view, has the right to have 12 children or even three unless the second pregnancy is twins”   …  6/36 4. Dave Foreman, the co-founder of Earth First: “We humans have become a disease, the Humanpox.” 5. CNN Founder Ted Turner: “A total world population of 250-300 million people, a 95% decline from present levels, would be ideal.” 6. Japan’s Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso about medical patients with serious illnesses:   …  7/36 “You cannot sleep well when you think it’s all paid by the government. This won’t be solved unless you let them hurry up and die.” 7. David Rockefeller: “The negative impact of population growth on all of our planetary ecosystems is becoming appallingly evident.”   …  8/36 8. Environmental activist Roger Martin: “On a finite planet, the optimum population providing the best quality of life for all, is clearly much smaller than the maximum, permitting bare survival. The more we are, the less for each; fewer people mean better lives.” 9. HBO personality Bill Maher:   …  9/36 “I’m pro-choice, I’m for assisted suicide, I’m for regular suicide, I’m for whatever gets the freeway moving – that’s what I’m for. It’s too crowded, the planet is too crowded and we need to promote death.” 10. MIT professor Penny Chisholm: “The real trick is, in terms of trying to level off at someplace lower than that 9 billion, is to get the birthrates in the developing countries to drop as fast as we can. And that will determine the level at which humans will level off on earth.” 11. Julia Whitty, a columnist for Mother Jones:   …  10/36 “The only known solution to ecological overshoot is to decelerate our population growth faster than it’s decelerating now and eventually reverse it—at the same time we slow and eventually reverse the rate at which we consume the planet’s resources. Success in these twin endeavors will crack our most pressing global issues: climate change, food scarcity, water supplies, immigration, health care, biodiversity loss, even war. ► Educate-Yourself: The Most Powerful Natural Painkiller That Works Like Morphine That You Can Make at Home.   …  11/36 On one front, we’ve already made unprecedented strides, reducing global fertility from an average 4.92 children per woman in 1950 to 2.56 today—an accomplishment of trial and sometimes brutally coercive error, but also a result of one woman at a time making her individual choices. The speed of this childbearing revolution, swimming hard against biological programming, rates as perhaps our greatest collective feat to date.” 12. Colorado State University Professor Philip Cafaro in a paper entitled “Climate Ethics and Population Policy”: “Ending human population growth is almost certainly a necessary (but not sufficient) condition for preventing catastrophic global climate change. Indeed, significantly reducing current human numbers may be necessary in order to do so.“   …  12/36 13. Professor of Biology at the University of Texas at Austin Eric R. Pianka: “I do not bear any ill will toward people. However, I am convinced that the world, including all humanity, WOULD clearly be much better off without so many of us.” 14. Detroit News Columnist Nolan Finley: “Since the national attention is on birth control, here’s my idea: If we want to fight poverty, reduce violent crime and bring down our embarrassing drop-out rate, we should swap contraceptives for fluoride in Michigan’s drinking water.   …  13/36 We’ve got a baby problem in Michigan. Too many babies are born to immature parents who don’t have the skills to raise them, too many are delivered by poor women who can’t afford them, and too many are fathered by sorry layabouts who spread their seed like dandelions and then wander away from the consequences.” 15. John Guillebaud, professor of family planning at University College London: “The effect on the planet of having one child less is an order of magnitude greater than all these other things we might do, such as switching off lights. An extra child is the equivalent of a lot of flights across the planet.” 16. Democrat strategist Steven Rattner:   …  14/36 “WE need death panels. Well, maybe not death panels, exactly, but unless we start allocating health care resources more prudently — rationing, by its proper name — the exploding cost of Medicare will swamp the federal budget.” 17. Matthew Yglesias, a business and economics correspondent for Slate, in an article entitled “The Case for Death Panels, in One Chart”: “But not only is this health care spending on the elderly the key issue in the federal budget, our disproportionate allocation of health care dollars to old people surely accounts for the remarkable lack of apparent cost effectiveness of the American   …  15/36 health care system. When the patient is already over 80, the simple fact of the matter is that no amount of treatment is going to work miracles in terms of life expectancy or quality of life.” 18. Planned Parenthood Founder Margaret Sanger: “All of our problems are the result of overbreeding among the working class” 19. U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg:   …  16/36 “Frankly I had thought that at the time Roe was decided, there was concern about population growth and particularly growth in populations that we don’t want to have too many of.” 20. Planned Parenthood Founder Margaret Sanger: “The most merciful thing that the large family does to one of its infant members is to kill it.” 21. Salon columnist Mary Elizabeth Williams in an article entitled “So What If Abortion   …  17/36 Ends Life?”: “All life is not equal. That’s a difficult thing for liberals like me to talk about, lest we wind up looking like death-panel-loving, kill-your-grandma-and-your-preciousbaby storm troopers. Yet a fetus can be a human life without having the same rights as the woman in whose body it resides.” Related: CLASSIFIED: The Criminal Global NWO Cabal Has Created Mass Global Dependency On The State – Microchipped Vaccines For Full Spectrum Dominance Of Humanity   …  18/36 22. Alberto Giubilini of Monash University in Melbourne, Australia and Francesca Minerva of the University of Melbourne in a paper published in the Journal of Medical Ethics: “[W]hen circumstances occur after birth such that they would have justified abortion, what we call after-birth abortion should be permissible. … [W]e propose to call this practice ‘after-birth abortion’, rather than ‘infanticide,’ to emphasize that the moral status of the individual killed is comparable with that of a fetus … rather than to that of a child. Therefore, we claim that killing a newborn could be ethically permissible in all the circumstances where abortion would be. Such circumstances include cases where the newborn has the potential to have an (at least) acceptable life, but the well-being of the family is at risk.” 23. Nina Fedoroff, a key adviser to Hillary Clinton:   …  19/36 “We need to continue to decrease the growth rate of the global population; the planet can’t support many more people.” 24. Barack Obama’s primary science adviser, John P. Holdren: “A program of sterilizing women after their second or third child, despite the relatively greater difficulty of the operation than vasectomy, might be easier to implement than trying to sterilize men.   …  20/36 The development of a long-term sterilizing capsule that could be implanted under the skin and removed when pregnancy is desired opens additional possibilities for coercive fertility control. The capsule could be implanted at puberty and might be removable, with official permission, for a limited number of births.” 25. David Brower, the first Executive Director of the Sierra Club: “Childbearing [should be] a punishable crime against society, unless the parents hold a government license … All potential parents [should be] required to use   …  21/36 contraceptive chemicals, the government issuing antidotes to citizens chosen for childbearing.” 26. Thomas Ferguson, former official in the U.S. State Department Office of Population Affairs: “There is a single theme behind all our work–we must reduce population levels. Either governments do it our way, through nice clean methods, or they will get the kinds of mess that we have in El Salvador, or in Iran or in Beirut. Population is a political problem. Once population is out of control, it requires authoritarian government, even fascism, to reduce it…” 27. Mikhail Gorbachev: “We must speak more clearly about sexuality, contraception, about abortion, about values that control population, because the ecological crisis, in short, is the population crisis. Cut the population by   …  22/36 90% and there aren’t enough people left to do a great deal of ecological damage.” 28. Jacques Costeau: “In order to stabilize world population, we must eliminate 350,000 people per day. It is a horrible thing to say, but it is just as bad not to say it.” 29. Finnish environmentalist Pentti Linkola: “If there were a button I could press, I would sacrifice myself without hesitating if it meant millions of people would die”   30.Prince Philip, husband of Queen Elizabeth II and co-founder of the World Wildlife Fund: “In the event that I am reincarnated, I would like to return as a deadly virus, in order to contribute something to solve overpopulation.” There is so much more that could be said about all of this. . . So what do you think about all of this? Do you agree or disagree with the sick population control agenda of the global elite?
