The Pfizer-BioNTech Covid-19 vaccine appears to be safe in people previously diagnosed with myocarditis, according to a small study presented Thursday at a European medical conference.  The findings, experts say, should help reassure people who previously experienced myocarditis that Covid vaccination is safe.  Myocarditis is an inflammatory heart condition with a number of causes, including viral and bacterial infections. The mRNA Covid vaccines, from both Pfizer and Moderna, have also been linked to a small but increased risk of the condition.   The new study was presented virtually at the European Society of Cardiology Acute CardioVascular Care conference. It has not yet been published in a peer-reviewed journal, though it is undergoing peer review.  Researchers from France studied 55 patients, most of them young men, who had been hospitalized with myocarditis within the last five years and were later inoculated with a Covid-19 vaccine.  Patients were contacted by the researchers by phone and asked if they had been vaccinated, with which vaccine, how many times and whether they experienced any side effects.  They found that none of the patients experienced myocarditis, or any other serious adverse event after vaccination, suggesting that the Pfizer vaccine is not associated with a risk of recurrence of the condition. Because the vast majority of the patients in the study were vaccinated with the Pfizer vaccine, the findings cannot be applied to other currently available Covid shots, such as Moderna’s, the authors noted.  The results may be reassuring to those with a history of myocarditis who are reluctant to get vaccinated.  "One of causes pushing us to conduct this study was a patient with a history of prior myocarditis refusing to be vaccinated against Covid, fearing a recurrence," lead study author Dr. Abou Saleh, a researcher at Hospices Civils de Lyon, a hospital in France, told NBC News in an email.  The findings, he said, may "incite patients with prior history of myocarditis to get vaccinated."  Full coverage of the coronavirus outbreak  The study comes less than two weeks after Florida's surgeon general formally recommended against Covid vaccinations for healthy children, citing in part the rare risk of myocarditis in young men and teenage boys. The state softened its stance a day later, however.  Both Pfizer’s and Moderna’s Covid vaccines have been linked to a slightly elevated risk of myocarditis, particularly in men ages 18 to 29 following their second dose.  In February, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommended people over the age of 12 and young men wait as long as eight weeks before receiving the second dose of the Pfizer or the Moderna vaccine as a possible means of reducing myocarditis risk.  Still, health experts note that the risk from vaccination remains very low, and most patients recover from the condition within a few days.  "It tends to be much milder than what we typically see with traditional myocarditis, and there is a much more rapid recovery," said Dr. Katherine Poehling, a vaccine expert and pediatrician at Atrium Health Wake Forest Baptist in North Carolina.  She noted that the risk of severe complications from Covid is much greater than the risk of vaccine-induced myocarditis.  "I don't think many people realize that Covid is a top 10 cause of death for children, which highlights this is something that is not benign in some children," Poehling said.  The study adds to overwhelming evidence that the Covid vaccines are safe, said Dr. Leslie Cooper, chair of the department of cardiology at Mayo Clinic.  Patients in the study reported common symptoms, such as fatigue and headache, after vaccination, according to the authors.  Cooper also said the findings could mean that the mechanisms that cause traditional myocarditis in people are different than those that can cause vaccine-induced myocarditis, though more research is needed.  “We do have lots of data on older forms of myocarditis, but very, very little data on vaccinated-associated myocarditis mechanisms,” he said.

COVID vaccines have been available to adults in the United States for more than a year, but there are still a lot of questions. Which vaccines have received full approval? When will we see vaccines approved for children under the age of 5? And are there any new vaccines forthcoming?  To learn more, we talked with Julie Swann. Swann is a systems engineer with expertise in public health and issues related to contagious disease. In 2009, she served at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention as a science advisor for the H1N1 pandemic response. Swann is the department head and A. Doug Allison Distinguished Professor of the Fitts Department of Industrial and Systems Engineering at NC State.  The Abstract: When people started getting COVID-19 vaccines in the U.S., it was done under an emergency use authorization (EUA). Which vaccines have now received full approval?  Swann: This information is changing all the time. As of today, both Moderna and Pfizer vaccines have received full approval from the FDA (respectively, for age 18 and up, and ages 16 and up). Just recently, Pfizer has added a request for full approval for adolescents age 12 to 15. One can find this information on websites from the FDA, the CDC, or news organizations, although it can be difficult to keep up with it.  TA: Does this mean that we have more data on how safe they are and how well they work?  Swann: We have a lot of data about the vaccine safety and effectiveness. Full approval (or, a Biologics License Application) has standards that are even higher than for emergency use, which already has requirements on safety, effectiveness, and manufacturing quality. The manufacturer submits additional data and analysis on potential safety events, distribution of the product, and studies after the EUA authorization. The FDA also does its own analysis of the vaccine for safety and effectiveness. For the EUA, we already had data from tens of thousands of participants who had received the vaccine, and now we have had it for millions and millions of doses in the U.S. and beyond.  TA: Where do things stand regarding vaccine approval for really young kids?  Swann: The Pfizer vaccine was approved for children aged 5 to 11 in October 2021. Many parents and caregivers are really looking forward to being able to vaccinate their younger children also. The Pfizer request for children under age 5 is currently anticipated in early April. This delay allowed Pfizer to give young children in the trial a third dose to increase effectiveness of the vaccine. We have not seen significant safety issues, but it appears a third dose is needed to ensure sufficient protection. Parents will need to hold on a little while longer, but this should also provide additional evidence that thorough reviews are being conducted.  TA: I saw that there's a new COVID-19 vaccine called Novavax coming out. How does it differ from the vaccines that have already been in use, like Moderna, Pfizer or Johnson & Johnson?  Swann: At a high level, the Moderna, Pfizer and J&J vaccines are all giving instructions to our cells to produce one of the SARS-CoV-2 proteins, the spike protein. Our immune systems then learn to target that spike protein as foreign. When the SARS-CoV-2 virus hits us, the immune system is already prepared with the tools for defense. It attacks the spike protein and keeps you from getting sick, or at least from getting as sick as you would have if you weren't vaccinated.  The Novavax is similar to more traditional vaccines in its technology, but it works along similar lines as the described COVID-19 vaccines. The key difference is the Novavax vaccine is the SARS-CoV-2 spike protein itself, not the instructions for how to make it. It is just the protein—not a live or inactivated virus. The vaccine is relatively easy to distribute, because the cold chain requirements are not as strict as for the mRNA and adenovirus-vectored vaccines [such as the Moderna, Pfizer and J&J vaccines]. If someone is allergic to the mRNA vaccines, they may not be to the Novavax, as it does not contain polyethylene glycol [an ingredient used as a stabilizing agent in some COVID-19 vaccines]. It appears to be highly effective against all the variants we've seen so far.  (As a side note, the Novavax vaccine is made using moth cells to generate the protein and tree bark for an ingredient to boost immune response. There are other vaccines based on particles derived from tobacco plants. Nature is an amazing thing, and I think we will find the work on vaccines over the last couple of years will allow science to solve problems that we couldn't before.)  TA: Are there any other COVID vaccines forthcoming?  Swann: Absolutely! Some new vaccines will try to compete by having a lower price, while others may strive for a manufacturing and distribution system that scales worldwide, including in low-resource settings. There are also companies testing a vaccine in pill form and nasal sprays. This graphic by a media organization is an overall summary of vaccines in various stages. It can be hard to keep up with it all, especially since some vaccines have been tested and authorized in other countries that we are not using here. I am particularly interested in ones that can help make sure we vaccinate people around the globe, as in places like India there is still a long way to go. Longer term, researchers are trying to determine whether a vaccine could prevent severe disease not only from multiple variants, but even different types of coronaviruses. I also expect some of the technology will also advance our understanding of preventing other diseases. We should keep in mind that there are a number of diseases that kill many children (malaria) or affect the ability of humans to successfully reproduce (Zika), or cause lifelong effects (some tick-borne diseases). The advances in vaccine technology could also move forward treatments for cancer.

At just 36 years old, Dr. Kizzmekia Corbett worked night and day with a team of scientists developing Moderna's COVID-19 vaccine in record time. She has also taken on vaccine hesitancy, and has spent her career fighting for equality in healthcare.    0316-ctm-ctgdoccorbett-yuccas-924061-640x360.jpg© Credit: CBSNews 0316-ctm-ctgdoccorbett-yuccas-924061-640x360.jpg Her hard work caught the attention of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, which provided funding for studies that Corbett contributed to.    "She's an absolute game changer because when she was at that National Institutes of Health, she really laid down the backbone for the COVID-19 vaccine," Melinda French Gates told "CBS Mornings."   French Gates selected Corbett to be part of the "CBS Mornings" "Changing the Game" series.    Since Corbett's team developed the vaccine, she said she's hardly had time to relax.  She said she is motivated to improve peoples' health around the world and fixing any inequalities.    "I was an undergrad when the HIV pandemic was in an uproar. I was in Baltimore where they had some of the worst case numbers. And one thing that I saw as a sociology and a biology major, was that it really only mattered what neighborhood you lived in," she said. "The same types of disparities that we saw with COVID-19, we saw with HIV, we've seen with so many other diseases."   Video Player is loading.This is a modal window.We're sorry, this video cannot be played from your current location. Dr. Kizzmekia Corbett on changing the game in science Working toward equal distribution of the vaccine was just the beginning. Corbett has spent the last two years encouraging everyone to get the COVID shot.   French Gates told Corbett that her hard work and tenacious spirit makes her an inspiration for women of all ages.   "You just don't see as many girls in technology and in science. And certainly, you don't see as many people of color. And I really feel like it's hard to be what you can't see. And so I think you're a huge role model," she said.    "It is an honor to be inspirational, for sure," Corbett said. 

The heads of some of America's largest professional health care associations are urging parents to get their children vaccinated against COVID-19, as part of a new advertising push by the Biden administration to persuade millions of families that have yet to do so.  The ads — a pair of 60-second spots titled "Oath" and "Trust" – feature pleas from Dr. Gerald Harmon, president of the American Medical Association; Dr. Moira Szilagyi, president of the American Academy of Pediatrics; Ernest Grant, president of the American Nurses Association; and Dr. Ada Stewart, chair of the board of the American Academy of Family Physicians.  Both spots are slated to run on social media as soon as Thursday, as well as on television screens starting next week.  "We took an oath to do what's best for our patients. So we want you to know we trust the COVID vaccine. For ourselves, for our patients, for our kids. So should you," the group says in the ad.   The new ads come as the pace of new vaccinations has slowed nationwide for two straight months to record lows, even though more than 57 million eligible Americans are still unvaccinated. Only about three in 10 of all first doses given over the past two weeks were administered to children.  Compared to their vaccinated peers, CDC data through January suggests that rates of COVID-19 hospitalizations were three times higher in unvaccinated children 5-11 years old and two times higher in unvaccinated children 12-15 years old.  Recent studies published by the agency have found middling effectiveness from two shots against curbing urgent care visits or infections during the Omicron wave, though adolescents with a booster shot fared significantly better.  Pfizer and BioNTech are expected to have trial results in April that could allow for younger age groups to get a third dose.  The CDC also updated its guidance last month to allow for adolescents to extend the interval to as much as 8 weeks between their first and second dose, which some studies suggest may lower the risk of rare heart inflammation side effects and improve the vaccine's protection.  "Like you, there's nothing more important to me than keeping our kids safe. What's not safe is getting COVID," the group says in the ad.  For months, federal health officials have touted their efforts to persuade hesitant families as the pool of children eligible for COVID-19 vaccines expanded.  The administration says an array of previous advertisements have reached 9 in 10 adults nationwide more than 20 times on average, citing data from Nielsen. Through programs like the "COVID-19 Community Corps" or millions of dollars awarded to organizations, the campaign has also tapped thousands of Americans to conduct outreach to promote the vaccine.  But more than four months since the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention first recommended the vaccine for children as young as five, just over a quarter of kids 5-11 years old have received both shots. Close to two-thirds of children 12-17 years old are fully vaccinated. The youngest of that group have been able to get the shots since last May.  "Initially we thought that kids were pretty mildly impacted by COVID-19. And then as these new variants continued to emerge, we were seeing children that were dying. I was seeing that in my office, hospitalized families that were devastated," said Stewart.  Stewart, who works for a community health center in South Carolina, said she leapt at the opportunity a month ago to sit down in front of cameras in downtown Columbia for the advertising push in the hopes that it might persuade "families that are on the fence."  "We continue to struggle with the fact that we still have a number of individuals who are not vaccinated. So hopefully this will encourage more to get vaccinated, entire families, children as well as the adults," Stewart said.  The latest data from CDC surveys suggest around 20% of parents will probably get their children vaccinated or are unsure. The share of parents who "probably or definitely will not" get the shots has climbed, up from 21% in October to 24%.  "Accessing the vaccine is not an issue here in the state. You don't have to wait for your doctor to call you in," said Dr. José Romero, the head of the Arkansas Department of Health, "but unfortunately, our immunization rates of children are, I'll put it, dismal."  Recent reports from the CDC and Kaiser Family Foundation ranked many Southern states, including Arkansas, among the bottom half of jurisdictions in vaccinating children 5-11 years old.  Despite the plummeting pace of infections and hospitalizations in recent weeks, Romero said the state and their partners "haven't slowed down at all" in their own childhood COVID-19 vaccination initiatives, which also include paid advertising and outreach funded by Arkansas.  But efforts to persuade parents has proven challenging, given the initial reluctance of many parents themselves, he said, or unfounded reservations over its safety.  A survey from June 2021 found that 12.1% of parents who were hesitant to get vaccinated planned to have their children immunized after the shots became available. Since then, close to nine in 10 of all adults have now received at least one dose of COVID-19 vaccine.  Romero also blamed misinformation as a major driver in feeding fear of long-term side effects from the shots, as well as perceptions that kids were immune to severe outcomes from an infection.  "Our parents and their reservations on taking the vaccine are going to be translated down to their children. And until parents see the need for this, that this is a serious disease, there is less of a drive to get that vaccine for the children," said Romero.  Data published by the CDC estimates that a little more than half of children have antibodies from a prior COVID-19 infection. 1,339 children have died.  A recent study from the United Kingdom, which has not yet been peer-reviewed, suggests that many adolescents who survive COVID-19 may end up with long-term symptoms. Romero cited other research that has linked COVID-19 to raising the risk of different health problems in children, like newly diagnosed diabetes.  "This is a perfect opportunity to get it, while things are a little bit on the lull side, to get vaccinated. To go ahead and be protected just in case we have another variant that tries to rear its ugly head," said Stewart.  "This is the time," Stewart added.

Pfizer and BioNTech have asked the Food and Drug Administration to greenlight a fourth dose of their COVID-19 vaccine for Americans 65 and older, the companies announced Tuesday, citing data from Israel suggesting that the additional booster could curb infections and severe illness in the highest-risk age group.  Pfizer working "very diligently" on vaccine to protect against all COVID variants, CEO says "Right now, the way that we have seen, it is necessary, a fourth booster right now," Pfizer CEO Albert Bourla told "Face the Nation" in an interview that aired Sunday.   In a release on Tuesday, Pfizer and BioNTech pointed to an array of recently published studies as early evidence suggesting "that effectiveness against both symptomatic COVID-19 and severe disease caused by Omicron wanes 3 to 6 months after receipt of an initial booster."   "The protection that you are getting from the third, it is good enough, actually quite good for hospitalizations and deaths. It's not that good against infections," Bourla had said.  However, the companies say they have not formally submitted those studies for the FDA to consider. Instead, Pfizer and BioNTech said their request was based on "two real-world data sets from Israel analyzed at a time when the Omicron variant was widely circulating."   The companies say the additional booster for seniors should improve protection if given at least four months after their first booster.  In an analysis of records from the Israeli Ministry of Health, Pfizer and BioNTech say that rates of severe illness from COVID-19 "were 4 times lower" among people who got their second booster on that timeline.  Israel was one of the first countries to roll out fourth doses to vulnerable populations over the winter, as Omicron variant cases began to surge around the world.    The companies also say they studied antibodies drawn from 154 participants of a clinical trial in Israel who also got the additional dose on the same timeframe. Compared to antibodies drawn from people months after their initial booster, Pfizer and BioNTech say they saw a "10-fold increase in neutralizing antibodies" two weeks after the additional booster.  In a statement, FDA spokesperson Abby Capobianco said the agency had received the request and planned to review it "as expeditiously as possible using our thorough and science based approach."   The FDA also plans to convene a meeting of its outside panel of vaccine experts next month, Capobianco said, "to have a transparent discussion about considerations for 2022 booster shots, including whether and when those boosters may be needed and for which populations, based on the available data and latest science on circulating or emerging virus variants."  If soon authorized by the FDA and recommended by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, Pfizer and BioNTech's request could accelerate a round of booster shots federal health officials had said they hoped might not be needed until the fall season, when many Americans get their routine influenza shots.   "The hope would be that after our third shots we're able to get enough time out of them that we end up on essentially a yearly COVID-19 booster," Dr. Peter Marks, the FDA's top vaccines official, told an event hosted by the University of California San Francisco and Stanford University in January.  Executives at Moderna had echoed that timeline, telling investors last month they were racing to gather data on new COVID-19 vaccines for regulators to greenlight ahead of a potential "fall booster season."   Federal officials have also suggested it was possible only some vulnerable groups could be recommended to receive the fourth dose.  While data published by the CDC through January suggest rates of COVID-19 hospitalizations and deaths were lower among seniors with a booster, compared to the unvaccinated or those with only their primary, rates among all groups climbed during the Omicron wave to their highest levels in months.  "It very likely will take into account what subset of people have a diminished, or not, protection against the important parameters such as hospitalization," Dr. Anthony Fauci, the president's chief medical adviser, told reporters last month.  It is unclear if the Biden administration will be able to afford enough fourth doses. With a funding request stalled on Capitol Hill, the White House warned Tuesday that it would run out of money to buy future supplies of booster shots.  At least 16.5 million Americans 65 and older have received a booster shot four months ago and could be eligible for the additional booster, according to CDC data.   "On the fourth shot, we have enough now for immunocompromised individuals who need to seek a fourth shot. What we don't have the funding for is if all Americans were needed to get an additional dose, we would need additional funding from Congress," a senior administration official told reporters. 

(Reuters) - The following is a summary of some recent studies on COVID-19. They include research that warrants further study to corroborate the findings and that has yet to be certified by peer review.  Omicron linked with croup in babies  The Omicron variant of the coronavirus is causing a dramatic rise in cases of croup, a dangerous respiratory condition usually seen in babies and toddlers, new data suggest.  Croup, which causes a distinctive barking-like cough and high-pitched sounds when patients inhale, happens when viruses cause swelling in the respiratory tract that makes it hard to breathe. From the start of the pandemic until mid-January 2022, emergency physicians at Boston Children's Hospital treated 75 children with croup, all but one of whom had COVID infections. Eighty percent of those cases occurred after Omicron began circulating in December 2021, they reported in Pediatrics. Most of the children were treated with steroids and sent home, but some required hospitalization. Overall, the children required more medication doses compared to children with croup caused by other viruses, the doctors found.  "There was a very clear delineation from when Omicron became the dominant variant to when we started seeing a rise in the number of croup patients," study leader Dr. Ryan Brewster said in a statement. While many viruses can cause croup, parents should be aware of the possibility that a child with croup has COVID-19 and consider having them and other family members tested, the researchers advised.  Most people will experience bloating from time to time and while it's discomforting, chances are it's nothing to worry about. However, if it's a common occurrence it could indicate a bigger problem you should speak to your physician about. Eat This, Not That! Health talked to Dr. Marc Khorsandi, Gastroenterologist with Dignity Health Glendale Memorial and Dr. Reginald J. Jones, MD, FACS General Surgeon/Trauma Surgeon Director of Trauma Prevention Director of Disaster with Dignity Health California Hospital Medical Center who explained a few causes behind regular bloating. Read on—and to ensure your health and the health of others, don't miss these Sure Signs You've Already Had COVID. Tuberculosis vaccine improves immune response to coronavirus  New research sheds light on how a tuberculosis vaccine might help protect against COVID-19.  Early in the pandemic, studies began to suggest that people who received the so-called BCG vaccine as children had lower rates of SARS-CoV-2 infection. Research in hamsters now shows that animals vaccinated with BCG had less pneumonia due to COVID-19 and lower levels of the coronavirus in their lungs. Doctors at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore found important differences in lung cells between animals infected with SARS-CoV-2 who did or did not get the BCG vaccine, they reported on Tuesday on bioRxiv ahead of peer review. Upon infection with the coronavirus, for the BCG-treated animals, antibodies came to lung cells much faster, lung repair mechanisms got underway much more quickly, and tissue-damaging inflammation was blunted, said coauthor Dr. William Bishai. Earlier this month, researchers in India reported on the effects of BCG in recipients of the COVID-19 vaccine from AstraZeneca in a small study. The 21 subjects who had received the TB vaccine showed significantly "more robust" antibody- and T-cell attacks against the coronavirus than the 13 people who had not, they reported on Research Square ahead of peer review. Combining BCG vaccines with COVID-19 vaccines "may offer synergistic protection," the Johns Hopkins team said. Clinical trials testing BCG vaccines for protection against COVID-19 are underway.  Critically ill COVID patients slow to wake after ventilator  Compared to how quickly an average patient "wakes up" after being taken off a mechanical ventilator, critically ill COVID-19 patients often take much longer to regain consciousness, researchers have found.  They reviewed data on 795 patients hospitalized with severe COVID-19 at three medical centers during the first two surges of the pandemic. All were on mechanical ventilation for at least six days, during which they were comatose. After removal from respiratory support, 72% eventually regained consciousness, but 25% of them needed at least 10 days to wake up, and 10% needed 23 days or more to recover. Patients who had experienced the most episodes of oxygen deprivation took the longest to recover consciousness, the researchers reported in Annals of Neurology.  "Our findings suggest that for patients with severe COVID, the decision to withdraw life support shouldn't be based solely on prolonged periods of unconsciousness, as these patients may eventually recover," Dr. Jan Claassen of New York-Presbyterian/Columbia University Irving Medical Center said in statement. "These findings provide us with more accurate information to guide families who are deciding whether to continue life-sustaining therapy in unconscious COVID-19 patients," Classen's colleague, Dr. Brian Edlow of the Massachusetts General Hospital, said in a statement.

Pfizer and BioNTech submitted an application to the US Food and Drug Administration for emergency use authorization of an additional booster dose of their Covid-19 vaccine for adults 65 and older who have gotten a booster dose of any of the authorized or approved vaccine, the companies said Tuesday.  Children 12-15 years old receive a Pfizer-BioNTech Covid-19 vaccine booster at Hartford Hospital in Hartford, Connecticut on January 6, 2022. The submission is based on two data sets from Israel. "Both data sets showed evidence that an additional mRNA booster increases immunogenicity and lowers rates of confirmed infections and severe illness," the companies said in a news release.  The first data set cited in the release was an analysis of records for more than 1.1 million adults 60 and older by the Israeli Ministry of Health that showed a decreased rate of infection and severe illness after a second booster.  The participants had no known history of Covid-19 and were eligible for an additional booster. "These data showed rates of confirmed infections were 2 times lower and rates of severe illness were 4 times lower among individuals who received an additional booster dose of the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine administered at least four months after an initial booster (third) dose compared to those who received only one booster dose," the news release says.  That research has not been peer-reviewed or published in a professional journal.  The second data set is the result of an ongoing trial looking at health care workers 18 and older who had gotten three doses of Pfizer/BioNTech's Covid-19 vaccine. Those findings were published Wednesday in the New England Journal of Medicine.  Of 700 participants, 154 received an additional Pfizer/BioNTech booster at least four months after their third dose. The fourth dose was safe and boosted antibody levels similar to what was seen after a third dose but didn't appear any more effective at preventing Omicron infection.  The companies said this additional booster did not result in any new safety concerns.  Although not included in the EUA submission, the companies referenced other "emerging evidence" that could support the need for an additional booster. "These early studies indicate that an additional booster dose of the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine administered at least 4 months after an initial booster dose could restore antibody titers to peak post-third dose titer levels, improve protection against both infection and severe disease in individuals 60 years of age and older in Israel, and have a similar safety profile to that of previous doses."  The FDA said it will review Pfizer and BioNTech's request "as expeditiously as possible using our thorough and science-based approach."  The agency also said it will convene its independent vaccine advisers, the Vaccines and Related Biological Products Advisory Committee, in April "to have a transparent discussion about considerations for 2022 booster shots, including whether and when those boosters may be needed and for which populations, based on the available data and latest science on circulating or emerging virus variants." A date for the meeting has not been set.  Pfizer CEO Albert Bourla said Sunday that he expects that a fourth dose of Covid-19 vaccine will be needed.  "It is necessary -- a fourth boost for right now. The protection we are getting from the third, it is good enough -- actually quite good for hospitalizations and deaths -- is not that good against infections, but doesn't last very long," Bourla said on CBS' "Face the Nation." "But we are just submitting those data to the FDA, and then we'll see what the experts also would say outside Pfizer."  A few countries area already offering fourth doses of Covid-19 vaccines.  In the United States, only certain immunocompromised adults can receive three doses of the coronavirus vaccine and a fourth shot as a booster dose.  Two doses of the Pfizer/BioNTech coronavirus vaccine are available for people 5 and older, and people 12 and older are eligible to receive a booster five months after their second shot.

To help fend off another wave of Covid-19, people will need a fourth dose of vaccine, Pfizer CEO Albert Bourla told CBS on Sunday.  “Many variants are coming, and Omicron was the first one that was able to evade — in a skillful way — the immune protection that we’re giving,” Bourla told CBS’ “Face the Nation.”  “The protection we are getting from the third (dose) it is good enough — actually quite good for hospitalizations and deaths,” Bourla said.  But protection after three doses is “not that good against infections” and “doesn’t last very long” when faced with a variant like Omicron.  “It is necessary, a fourth (dose) for right now,” Bourla told CBS.  Currently, anyone ages 12 and up who got a second dose of the Pfizer vaccine at least five months ago can get a third dose.  Anyone ages 18 and up who got the two-dose Moderna vaccine should get a booster shot six months after the second dose, according to the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.  And anyone who got the single-dose Johnson & Johnson vaccine should get a booster shot after two months, the CDC said.  Some moderately or severely immunocompromised people who have had three doses of the Pfizer/BioNTech or Moderna Covid-19 vaccines can already get a fourth dose of vaccine, according to the CDC.  But it’s not clear if or when the US Food and Drug Administration might authorize a fourth dose of Covid-19 vaccine for healthy teens and adults.  “We are just submitting those data to the FDA, and then we’ll see what the experts also would say outside Pfizer,” Bourla told CBS.  Kids under 5 might soon be able to get vaccinated Currently, children ages 5 to 11 are eligible for two pediatric doses of Pfizer’s Covid-19 vaccine but are not yet eligible for a booster. Pfizer is testing a third dose in that age group now.  And kids under age 5 are not yet eligible for a Covid-19 vaccine — though that could change this spring, Bourla said.  Initial trial data in children ages 2 to 5 showed two doses of a smaller, child-sized vaccine didn’t give the expected immunity in the 2- to 5-year-olds — though it did for babies ages 6 months to 2 years.  So Pfizer decided to add a third child-sized dose for children under age 5 in its ongoing trial.  Pfizer should have data on its three-dose vaccine trial for children ages 6 months to 5 years by April, Bourla told CBS on Sunday.  If authorized by the FDA and recommended by the CDC, Covid-19 vaccines for children ages 6 months to 5 years might start as early as May, Bourla said.  A shot at a longer-lasting vaccine against all variants Pfizer and Moderna have said they are working on a vaccine that would specifically protect against the Omicron variant. It’s not clear yet if one is needed.

Researchers say the Pfizer and Moderna COVID-19 vaccines are safe for people with compromised immune systems. They say the two mRNA-based vaccines produced relatively few side effects in people who are immunocompromised. Experts encourage people with compromised immune systems to get their full allotment of COVID-19 vaccines. They add that family and friends of those who are at high risk should also be fully vaccinated. Pfizer and Moderna COVID-19 vaccines are well tolerated by people with impaired immunity.  A new study concludes that the two mRNA-based vaccines produced relatively few side effects in people who are immunocompromised due to cancers, rheumatological, or neurological conditions.  “Strikingly, we found that the occurrence of adverse events in these high-risk patients is comparable to that reported in vaccine trials conducted in the general population,” said Nicola Silvestris, PhD, a senior author of the study and a researcher at the University of Bari Aldo Moro, Italy, in a press release.  “Our patients did not show a higher incidence of severe adverse events and we did not see an increased risk of discontinuation of treatment programs due to vaccination,” Silvestris added. “Therefore, vaccination for COVID-19 is confirmed as safe, even in this group of high-risk patients.”  Dr. Dean Blumberg, the chief of pediatric infectious diseases at the University of California Davis, says while the results aren’t surprising, the research still provides positive news.  “It’s an expected result, but it’s always reassuring to have the data because we’ve been surprised so many times during this pandemic when things didn’t turn out as expected,” Blumberg told Healthline.  “With most vaccines, people who are immunocompromised have similar reactions, compared to those who are immune-competent for vaccines which are non-live,” he said. “And, of course, the mRNA vaccines are not live vaccines… so they would be expected to have a similar side effects profile in immune-compromised compared to immune-competent populations.”  Higher risks People who are immunocompromised are at higher risk of complications due to COVID-19, but those in this category may also be concerned about vaccine side effects.  Dr. William Schaffner, an infectious disease expert at Vanderbilt University in Tennessee, says it’s been understandable that some people who are immunocompromised may feel hesitant about getting the COVID-19 vaccine.  “It is quite an appropriate concern,” Schaffner told Healthline. “For example, there are organ transplant recipients who receive immune suppressive medications, and they are concerned that a substantial immunological stimulus, such as a vaccine, might… initiate a reaction that would reject the graft, the transplant.”  “No evidence for that exists,” he said. “It was a concern among the professionals as well as patients who received it. But all the data indicate, very fortunately, that that’s not the case.”  The efficacy of the COVID-19 vaccine varies considerablyTrusted Source among people who are immunocompromised, and Blumberg says this is made all the more complicated by variants and sub-variants.  “We already know that… the vaccines don’t protect as well against Omicron compared to Delta,” he said. “This would be exaggerated in an immune-compromised population.”  “Then when we get the sub-variants of Omicron, the BA.2 sub-variant, this appears to be even more infectious,” Blumberg added. “This provides an additional risk for those who are immune-compromised and really emphasizes the need for an adequate immune response.”   When to get the shots The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention adviseTrusted Source that anyone 12 years or older who’s moderately or severely immunocompromised should receive four doses of the COVID-19 vaccination.  Three of these doses are given as primary doses, and the fourth is given as a booster at least 3 months after the third shot.  Children ages 5 to 11 who are immunocompromised should receive three primary doses of the Pfizer vaccine. The second dose should take place 21 days after the first dose, and the third dose should be given 28 days after the second dose.  Schaffner says these additional doses are important in keeping immunocompromised people safe, but those around immunocompromised people also have an important role to play.  “Immunocompromised people clearly are at increased risk of more severe disease,” he said. “Therefore, this attention we devote to them is completely justified. The recommendation continues to be that not only should the immunocompromised person be vaccinated, but everyone around them should be vaccinated to create what has been called a cocoon of protection around that person.”  “In other words, it just makes it harder for the COVID virus to get through all those people well protected… to actually get through and infect the person at greatest risk,” he added.

THURSDAY, March 17, 2022 (HealthDay News) -- In a finding that reinforces the safety of COVID vaccines, a new study shows that while the shots don't raise the risk of rare neurological problems, COVID-19 infection might.  The researchers focused on four immune-related neurological disorders: Bell's palsy (facial weakness), encephalomyelitis (inflammation of the brain and spinal cord), Guillain-Barré syndrome (a nerve condition), and transverse myelitis (inflammation of the spinal cord).  The investigators analyzed data on 8.3 million people in the United Kingdom and Spain who received at least one dose of either the AstraZeneca, Pfizer, Moderna or Johnson & Johnson vaccines and nearly 736,000 unvaccinated people who tested positive for COVID-19.  Data on 14.3 million people in the general population that was gathered before the pandemic was also reviewed, to estimate historical background rates of the four disorders.  Rates of the disorders were measured in the 21 days after the first vaccine dose, 90 days after a positive COVID-19 test, and between 2017 and 2019 in the general population group.  Overall, rates after vaccination were consistent with expected general population rates for Bell's palsy, encephalomyelitis and Guillain-Barré syndrome. Rates of transverse myelitis were rare (less than five events in all vaccinated groups), so could not be analyzed.  But rates of Bell's palsy, encephalomyelitis and Guillain-Barré syndrome were higher than expected after COVID-19 infection, according to the study published March 16 in the BMJ.  "We found no safety signal for any of the studied immune-mediated neurological events after vaccination against COVID-19," said study authors led by Daniel Prieto-Alhambra, from the Centre for Statistics in Medicine in the Nuffield Department of Orthopedics, Rheumatology, and Musculoskeletal Sciences at the University of Oxford.  "Infection with SARS-CoV-2 was, however, associated with an increased risk of Bell's palsy, encephalomyelitis and Guillain-Barré syndrome," they said in a journal news release.  In response to reports that some people developed Guillain-Barré syndrome after receiving the AstraZeneca or Pfizer vaccines, the European Medicines Agency listed Guillain-Barré syndrome as a rare side effect of the vaccines.  "We may never be able to tell exactly what caused an individual to develop a neurological condition, but COVID-19 vaccination is a highly unlikely reason for most," the authors concluded.

Hundreds of Millions of People Have Safely Received a COVID-19 Vaccine  More than 557 million doses of COVID-19 vaccine had been given in the United States from December 14, 2020, through March 14, 2022. To view the current total number of COVID-19 vaccinations that have been administered in the United States, please visit the CDC COVID Data Tracker.  COVID-19 vaccines are safe and effective. COVID-19 vaccines were evaluated in tens of thousands of participants in clinical trials. The vaccines met the Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA’s) rigorous scientific standards for safety, effectiveness, and manufacturing quality needed to support emergency use authorization (EUA). Learn more about EUAs in this video.external icon  The Pfizer-BioNTech, Moderna, and Johnson & Johnson/Janssen COVID-19 vaccines will continue to undergo the most intensive safety monitoring in US history. This monitoring includes using both established and new safety monitoring systems to make sure that COVID-19 vaccines are safe.  Common Side Effects After COVID-19 vaccination, some people may feel ill, with symptoms like fever or tiredness for a day or two after receiving the vaccine. These symptoms are normal and are signs that the body is building immunity. Some people have no side effects. Others have reported common side effects after COVID-19 vaccination, such as:  Swelling, redness, and pain at the injection site Fever Headache Tiredness Muscle pain Chills Nausea Serious Safety Problems Are Rare In rare cases, people have experienced serious health events after COVID-19 vaccination. Any health problem that happens after vaccination is considered an adverse event. An adverse event can be caused by the vaccine or can be caused by a coincidental event not related to the vaccine.  To date, the systems in place to monitor the safety of these vaccines have found four serious types of adverse events following COVID-19 vaccination, with evidence that suggests a link to certain types of COVID-19 vaccinations that were administered. They are:  Anaphylaxis Anaphylaxis is a severe type of allergic reaction with symptoms such as hives, difficulty breathing, low blood pressure, or significant swelling of the tongue or lips. Anaphylaxis after COVID-19 vaccination is rare. Learn more about COVID-19 vaccines and allergic reactions, including anaphylaxis.  Thrombosis with Thrombocytopenia Syndrome (TTS) Thrombosis with thrombocytopenia syndrome (TTS) is a rare but serious adverse event that causes blood clots or issues with clotting. TTS after COVID-19 vaccination is rare. Learn more about COVID-19 vaccines and adverse events, including TTS.  Myocarditis and Pericarditis Myocarditis is inflammation of the heart muscle, and pericarditis is inflammation of the outer lining of the heart. Myocarditis and pericarditis after COVID-19 vaccination are rare. Learn more about COVID-19 vaccines and adverse events, including myocarditis and pericarditis.  Guillain-Barré Syndrome (GBS) Guillain-Barré Syndrome (GBS) is a rare disorder where the body’s immune system damages nerve cells, causing muscle weakness and sometimes paralysis. GBS after COVID-19 vaccination is rare. Learn more about COVID-19 vaccines and adverse events, including GBS.  Reports of Death Are Rare Reports of death after COVID-19 vaccination are rare. FDA requires healthcare providers to report any death after COVID-19 vaccination to the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System (VAERS)external icon, even if it’s unclear whether the vaccine was the cause. Reports of adverse events to VAERS following vaccination, including deaths, do not necessarily mean that a vaccine caused a health problem.   More than 557 million doses of COVID-19 vaccines were administered in the United States from December 14, 2020, through March 14, 2022. During this time, VAERS received 13,273 preliminary reports of death (0.0024%) among people who received a COVID-19 vaccine. CDC clinicians review reports of death to VAERS including death certificates, autopsy, and medical records.  A review of reports indicates a causal relationship between Johnson & Johnson’s Janssen COVID-19 vaccine and TTS. On December 16, 2021, CDC scientists released a comprehensive reviewpdf icon of reported U.S. cases through December 2, 2021. Continued monitoring has identified additional deaths for a total of nine deaths causally associated with Johnson & Johnson Janssen COVID-19 vaccination. CDC and FDA continue to review reports of death following COVID-19 vaccination and update information as it becomes available.  Benefits of Vaccination Outweigh the Risks Serious side effects that could cause a long-term health problem are extremely unusual following any vaccination, including COVID-19 vaccination. The benefits of COVID-19 vaccination outweigh the known and potential risks.  CDC continues to closely monitor the safety of COVID-19 vaccines. Everyone who receives a COVID-19 vaccine can also participate in safety monitoring by enrolling themselves, their children ages five years and older, or other dependents in a smartphone app called v-safe and completing health check-ins after COVID-19 vaccination.

Over the past year, results from a series of clinical trials have demonstrated the efficacy and safety of COVID-19 vaccines in preventing serious illness, hospitalizations, and deaths.  Yet, with sporadic reports of rare adverse events, one question has remained unanswered: Just how safe are COVID-19 vaccines in the real world, outside of clinical trials?  Get more HMS news here  Now, a study published Aug. 25 in The New England Journal of Medicine by researchers from Clalit Research Institute in Israel, Harvard Medical School, and the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health answers that question.  The research, which assessed the safety of the Pfizer/BioNTech BNT162b2 mRNA vaccine, is based on analysis of data from nearly 2 million individuals in Israel and represents one of the largest real-world assessments of COVID-19 vaccine safety to date.  The findings, the researchers said, affirm the overall safety of the vaccine and underscore that the risk of adverse consequences from actual infection with SARS-CoV-2 far outweighs potential vaccine risks.  The study involved two analyses: A comparison of adverse events between vaccinated and unvaccinated individuals, and between unvaccinated people infected with SARS-CoV-2 and unvaccinated noninfected people.  The study showed that few adverse events were associated with the vaccine. Myocarditis, or inflammation of the heart muscle, the most serious of them, was rare, with a rate of 2.7 excess cases per 100,000 vaccinated people. This means that for every 100,000 individuals, 2.7 more cases of myocarditis occurred than would be expected, the researchers said.  By contrast, the risk of myocarditis was notably higher among infected but unvaccinated individuals, occurring at a rate of 11 excess cases per 100,000 people.  Coronavirus infection—but not vaccination—was also associated with greatly increased risk of pericarditis (an inflammation of the area around the heart), heart arrhythmias, heart attacks, strokes, pulmonary embolism, deep-vein thrombosis, acute kidney damage, among others.  Vaccine hesitancy “To date, one of the main drivers of vaccine hesitancy has been a lack of information regarding potential side effects of the vaccine,” said study co-author Ben Reis, HMS assistant professor of pediatrics at Boston Children’s Hospital and director of the predictive medicine group in the Computational Health Informatics Program at Boston Children’s.  “This careful epidemiological study provides reliable information on vaccine safety, which we hope will be helpful to those who have not yet decided about vaccination,” Reis said.   “Those who have hesitated until now to get vaccinated due to concerns about very rare side effects, such as myocarditis, should be aware that the risks for this very same side effect are actually higher among unvaccinated infected individuals,” Reis said.  The results are based on records from Clalit Health Services in Israel, one of the world’s largest integrated health record databases. The analysis is the largest peer-reviewed evaluation of the safety of a COVID-19 vaccine in a nationwide mass-vaccination setting.              “The extensive nationwide rollout of Israel’s COVID-19 vaccination campaign provided the Clalit Research Institute with a unique opportunity to assess, through its rich and comprehensive digital datasets, the safety of the vaccine in a real-world setting, without needing to rely on individual-driven active reporting of side effects” said study senior author Ran Balicer, director of the Clalit Research Institute and Chief Innovation Officer for Clalit.  “These results show convincingly that this mRNA vaccine is very safe and that the alternative of ‘natural’ morbidity caused by the coronavirus puts a person at significant, higher, and much more common risk of serious adverse events,” Balicer said.  The results of this real-world study confirm, complement, and build on the previously reported findings of the Pfizer/BioNTech phase 3 randomized clinical trial, which involved 21,720 individuals, the researchers noted.  The comprehensive nature of this new analysis and the sheer volume of data involved offer a more detailed assessment of the vaccine’s safety across a wider range of adverse events.  “These data should facilitate informed individual risk-benefit decision-making, and, in our view, make a strong argument in favor of opting in to get vaccinated, especially in countries where the virus is currently widespread,” added Balicer, who also serves as chairman of Israel’s National Expert Advisory Team on COVID-19 response.  Previous efforts to characterize vaccine safety have relied on voluntary active reporting by vaccinated individuals, known to be incomplete. The new study relies on the analysis of millions of anonymized electronic medical records, which are far more comprehensive.  Parallel analyses In an effort to provide the proper context that is critical for interpreting vaccine safety findings, the researchers also examine a wide range of adverse events both among vaccinated individuals and among unvaccinated individuals who were infected with the coronavirus, conducting two parallel analyses, assessing the occurrence of 25 adverse events in each of these groups.  In the vaccinated subgroup, the researchers compared the outcomes of 884,828 vaccinated individuals 16 years and older with those of 884,828 unvaccinated individuals based on an extensive set of sociodemographic, geographic, and health-related characteristics.  This analysis took place from Dec. 20, 2020, the launch of Israel’s national vaccination campaign, through May 24, 2021.  Some individuals switched groups based on their changing vaccination status, with 235,541 people moving from the unvaccinated group into the vaccinated group during the study.  To provide context for the vaccine safety findings above, a separate analysis was conducted among unvaccinated individuals. This analysis estimated rates of the same 25 potential adverse events among 173,106 unvaccinated individuals who were infected with SARS-CoV-2, compared with 173,106 carefully matched controls not infected with SARS-CoV-2.  This analysis took place from March 1, 2020, the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic in Israel, through May 24, 2021.  The vaccine was found to be safe: Out of 25 potential side effects examined. four were found to have a link with the vaccine.  Myocarditis, an inflammation of the heart muscle associated with the vaccine was rare—2.7 excess cases per 100,000 vaccinated individuals. These events were observed mainly among males between the ages of 20 and 34.  In contrast, myocarditis was far more common among unvaccinated individuals infected with SARS-CoV-2. The analysis showed 11 excess cases of myocarditis per 100,000 infected individuals.  Other adverse events moderately associated with vaccination were swelling of the lymph nodes, a mild side effect that is part of a standard immune response to vaccination, with 78 excess cases per 100,000, appendicitis with 5 excess cases per 100,000, likely as a result of swelling of lymph nodes around the appendix.  Reactivation of dormant herpes zoster (chickenpox virus) infection occurred in 16 cases per 100,000.  Unvaccinated risks These small numbers of adverse events among vaccinated individuals stood in stark contrast with the high rate of multiple and more serious adverse events among unvaccinated individuals infected with SARS-CoV-2.  These included cardiac arrhythmias (a 3.8-fold increase above baseline risk with 166 cases per 100,000 infected patients); kidney damage (14.8-fold increase with 125 excess cases per 100,000); pericarditis (5.4-fold increase with 11 excess cases per 100,000); pulmonary embolism (12.1-fold increase with 62 excess cases per 100,000); deep-vein thrombosis, or a blood clot in the veins (3.8-fold increase with 43 excess cases per 100,000); myocardial infarction, or heart attack (4.5-fold increase with 25 excess cases per 100,000); and stroke (2.1-fold increase with 14 excess cases per 100,000).  Additional investigators on the study included Noam Barda, Noa Dagan, Yair Ben-Shlomo, Eldad Kepten, Jacob Waxman, Reut Ohana, all of the Clalit Research Institute; Doron Netzer of Clalit Health Services; Miguel Hernán and Marc Lipsitch of the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health; and Isaac Kohane of Harvard Medical School.  The research was funded in part by the newly announced Ivan and Francesca Berkowitz Family Living Laboratory Collaboration at Harvard Medical School and Clalit Research Institute.

Spare a thought for patients with impaired immunity during the COVID-19 pandemic. Their condition puts them at high risk of severe complications from COVID-19, but also creates uncertainty about the safety and effectiveness of the available vaccines that could protect them.  A new study in Frontiers in Oncology helps to put this catch-22 situation to rest by finding that two popular mRNA-based vaccines are well tolerated by such high-risk patients. The trial found that the vaccines were safe and did not cause unexpected adverse events in a group of patients with various cancers, neurological, and rheumatological conditions that are associated with immunosuppression. The results will reassure vaccine-hesitant patients that the vaccines are safe, even for the immunocompromised.  By now, many of us have received a COVID-19 vaccine, including those based on new mRNA technology, and this has allowed society to largely reopen in many countries. Vaccine-mediated protection, along with the rise of the milder Omicron variant, means that the number of COVID-19 patients with severe disease has dropped significantly over the past year. However, it hasn't been plain sailing for everyone.  The original clinical trials for these vaccines were conducted in healthy volunteers. While this is standard practice, it means that high-risk immunocompromised patients, such as those taking immunosuppressant drugs for neurological conditions, were not included in the trials.  Previous catch-22 for immunocompromised patients  This lack of trial data could lead such patients to be understandably hesitant about the safety and effectiveness of the vaccines. However, in a cruel irony, they are also at high risk of severe COVID-19 complications, suggesting that they would greatly benefit from vaccine-mediated protection. In an effort to cast more light on the safety of mRNA-based COVID-19 vaccines, a group of researchers in Italy conducted a study to assess COVID-19 vaccine safety in high-risk patients.  The researchers enrolled 566 high-risk patients in the trial, and administered two doses of either the Pfizer-BioNTech or Moderna mRNA vaccine as normal. The patients reported any adverse events in a questionnaire, and the questions focused on the first week after each dose.  The most common reported side-effects at the injection site included pain, swelling, and a rash, whereas the most common general side-effects included tiredness, headache, chills and muscle pain. Such side-effects are also commonly reported by people with a fully functioning immune system who have received the vaccine. The study also found no evidence that the underlying disease of the patients was affected, and vaccination did not interfere with the patient's ability to undergo standard treatment for their conditions.  No higher incidence of adverse events in high-risk patients  "Strikingly, we found that the occurrence of adverse events in these high-risk patients is comparable to that reported in vaccine trials conducted in the general population," explained Prof Nicola Silvestris of the University of Bari Aldo Moro, Italy, the senior author.  "Our patients did not show a higher incidence of severe adverse events and we did not see an increased risk of discontinuation of treatment programs due to vaccination. Therefore, vaccination for COVID-19 is confirmed as safe, even in this group of high-risk patients."  The results will help to calm fears among immunocompromised patients who are at high risk of severe COVID-19 complications, but are also worried about the side-effects of the vaccine.  "Our main recommendation based on the results of this study is that vaccination for COVID-19 is strongly recommended and the safety profile is reassuring," said Dr. Maria Teresa Lupo-Stanghellini of the San Raffaele Scientific Institute, Italy, lead author on the study.  "Our ongoing safety monitoring of the COVID-19 vaccine continues in the spirit of offering the best prevention and care for our patients."

Additional doses of COVID-19 vaccine are recommended for immunocompromised patients, especially for organ transplant recipients who are least able to make antibodies to fight off coronavirus, say experts in The BMJ today.  The findings reinforce the importance of additional doses of COVID-19 vaccine to protect people with a weakened immune system.  It is already known that after vaccination, people with a weakened immune system (immunocompromised) are less able to make antibodies to fight off viruses, such as influenza, than people with a healthy immune system (immunocompetent). But less is known about the response to COVID-19 vaccines, particularly mRNA vaccines.  The process of making antibodies after infection or vaccination—priming the immune system to fight off a specific virus—is called seroconversion.  To address this knowledge gap, researchers in Singapore analyzed the results of 82 observational studies comparing the effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccines in immunocompromised and immunocompetent people.  Of these studies, 77 (94%) used mRNA vaccines, 16 (20%) viral vector vaccines, and 4 (5%) inactivated whole virus vaccines. A total of 63 studies were assessed to be at low risk of bias and 19 at moderate risk of bias.  After one COVID-19 vaccine dose, seroconversion was found to be reduced among immunocompromised groups, except people with HIV.  Seroconversion rates were about half as likely in patients with blood cancers, immune mediated inflammatory disorders (eg. rheumatoid arthritis and psoriasis) and solid (tumor) cancers compared with immunocompetent controls, whereas organ transplant recipients were 16 times less likely to seroconvert.  After a second dose, seroconversion was significantly increased in patients with blood cancers, immune mediated inflammatory disorders and solid cancers, but remained severely reduced in transplant recipients, with only a third achieving seroconversion.  Further review of 11 studies showed that a third dose of a COVID-19 mRNA vaccine was associated with seroconversion among vaccine non-responders with solid cancers, blood cancers, and immune mediated inflammatory disorders, although response was variable in transplant recipients and no published evidence was available on the effectiveness of a third dose in people with HIV.  Among the immunocompromised groups studied, antibody levels (titres) were also lower than in immunocompetent controls.  The researchers point to several limitations. For example, the included studies were observational and used different definitions of seroconversion. What's more, the researchers cannot rule out the possibility that other unmeasured factors, such as age and underlying conditions, might have affected their results.  Nevertheless, use of stringent study inclusion criteria together with rigorous and systematic evaluation of study quality suggests their conclusions are robust.  As such, they say their findings show that seroconversion rates and antibody titres after COVID-19 vaccines are significantly lower in immunocompromised patients, especially organ transplant recipients.  "Targeted interventions for immunocompromised patients, including a third dose, should be performed," they conclude.

I’ve started seeing alarmist articles about the vaccine killing or harming people. I have friends and family who refuse to take it. I want to reassure them that it’s safe. It gave me no side effects besides a sore arm. But I also want to be sure I’m telling them the right thing, so I dug into this issue. This post covers a few topics: I explain why alarmist claims like “25,000 vaccine deaths” are not true. I look into VAERS deaths, and whether there is a safety signal there. I look at some other vaccine side effects and compare these to the risks from getting covid. I give some suggestions for who should get vaccinated and which vaccine is the safest. Steve Kirsch makes some of the most extreme claims about vaccine safety. In June, he said that the covid vaccine has killed 25,000 people in America. He linked to a blog post by Austin G. Walters, presenting the evidence:  Austin Walter’s argument is that there’s been a recent increase in uncategorized deaths, the CDC lists them in the R00-R99 category: “Symptoms, signs and abnormal clinical and laboratory findings, not elsewhere classified”:  R00-R99 deaths per week, 2020 through 2021 This cause is killing thousands of people in America every week. Austin assumes that these must all be covid vaccine deaths, concludes that the vaccine has killed 25,000 people and clearly, the government must be covering up the whole damn thing. I’ll admit, reading that blog post scared me. 25,000 deaths, someone should be looking into this! Are the authorities lying to us? After a bit more thought, I realized that these are uncategorized deaths. Maybe there’s just some time lag in how they determine cause of death? I looked for older copies of the data. Here’s a snapshot from July 2020, it also showed a spike last summer:  Here are periodic snapshots of the data (courtesy of @Piercedgeek)  Okay, so R00-R99 is actually just miscellaneous deaths that have not yet been categorized. It’s a placeholder that gets changed as the true source of death has been determined. There is no recent spike of mysterious deaths. It always takes the CDC about 8 weeks to classify how people died. If a large number of people had died from the covid vaccine, you would see a spike in the graph of all deaths:  Looking at the last few years, we see the 2018 flu season. We see 3 waves of covid deaths. We don’t see any big spike of vaccine deaths. Steve says this should show up in April and May 2021. Deaths in America actually went back to the normal average in April, after being very high through the whole covid pandemic:  That graph is a little bit noisy. Here’s another way to look at it:  Data compiled and graphed by hmatejx People died in the US (black line) while covid deaths were high (red line) but not while vaccines were being given out (blue line). We can see the effect of vaccinations even more clearly in other countries that had less covid cases. Australia has made it through the covid pandemic with very few cases, there was only one wave of cases near Melbourne. Total deaths in Australia actually went down in 2020 during the lockdowns. Since the death rate is consistent over time, we should be able to see a big spike of deaths when the vaccinations begin. In reality, nothing much happened:  If the vaccine is as deadly as people like Steve Kirsch think, there would be a very clear spike in deaths reported in February 2021. The same thing can be seen in other low covid countries like New Zealand, Norway, Denmark, and South Korea. The vaccine just isn’t dangerous enough to kill tens of thousands of people. Steve Kirsch got in a 5 hour debate about vaccine safety. Debate about the R00-R99 issue starts 10 minutes in and ends around 36 minutes. Austin Walters quickly issued a correction to his blog post, after seeing this problem. Steve Kirsch took 25 minutes of debate to concede. He blamed Austin for getting this wrong. He said he had never heard this objection (I sent it to him on Twitter, other people sent it to him on TrialSiteNews). He finally gave a concession that this claim probably isn’t true. He did not update his own writing or videos, and continued to tell people that the vaccine is causing mass casualties. Rather than learning from this mistake, Steve went on to find another bad argument, and now says that 150,000 people have died. It should be obvious that’s wrong, because that would show up in the excess deaths in the US and other countries. It would be hard to hide that many deaths. To be thorough, I’ve also debunked that claim, and also came up with a theory for why Steve believes the strange things that he does. Fake news travels faster than the truth. Steve’s posts will scare a lot of people and my rebuttals won’t reassure as many. I might as well debunk them anyways. The vaccine has not killed 25,000 people. Pfizer’s trial showed the vaccine is not deadly for most people Could there be a smaller number of vaccine deaths that are going unreported? How bad could the vaccine be, before anyone noticed? We can look at Pfizer’s phase 3 trials. The trials vaccinated 22,000 people and kept 22,000 as a control group. With that size, you can see risks as small as 1 in 22,000. The trials did detect a possible risk that the vaccine gives some people Bell’s palsy, with odds around 1 in 10,000. During the Pfizer trials, 2 people died, among 22,000 that were vaccinated. One person had a heart attack 60 days after the second dose, I’d imagine that’s unrelated. One person died 3 days after the first dose. Pfizer says the death was unrelated. But the timing is suspicious, to be on the safe side I’m going to go with, “let’s say it could be vaccine related”. Having 2 people die in the experiment is not suspicious. 4 people died in the control group, among people who didn’t get the vaccine. One conspiracy theorist asks, “why did Pfizer use a deadly placebo to hide the vaccine deaths?” If you pick a random sample of 22,000 Americans, about 4 should die every week, for reasons unrelated to the vaccine. It’s hard to see the signal in the noise. Suppose the vaccine has some rare side effects, and it happens to kill 1 person out of 100,000. The phase 3 trial would never notice those effects. The covid vaccine is an experiment. We’re giving a brand new drug to hundreds of millions of people. Pfizer doesn’t know what will happen. No one does. We have to monitor the situation and see. The best we can say from the trial is that the risks are at most 1 in 22,000 for the population they studied. We’ve vaccinated 160 million people so far. That would put an upper limit on vaccine deaths around 7,000. One caveat is that the rate of death (from all causes) among trial participants is lower than in the population at large. The Pfizer trial group is younger and healthier than the average American, it doesn’t include nursing home residents or terminally ill patients. If the vaccine were deadly to some very unhealthy population, the trial wouldn’t find that. To see the effects on the oldest people, we have to monitor it with tools like VAERS. How serious are VAERS deaths? 6,000 deaths were recorded in VAERS, the US government’s tracking system for vaccine deaths and side effects. Every time someone dies after receiving the vaccine, their doctor or family can file a VAERS report. (Edit: as of 11/5/21, the number in VAERS is up to 8,456 deaths in the US. You might also see a larger number quoted because VAERS now includes foreign vaccine deaths. The total number of reports from around the world is currently 18,461. I’ve restricted this analysis to the United States and I’m using the 6,000 deaths listed in June) We don’t know if the vaccine caused all these VAERS deaths or if some were coincidences. We’ve vaccinated 160 million people. On average, we should expect 4,000 of those people to die the day after they get vaccinated, for unrelated reasons. In the following week, we should expect 28,000 deaths. I tried looking into the VAERS reports. The average age of death is 74.  Most of the deaths occurred January through March, when elderly people were being vaccinated. We vaccinated even more people in March, April, and May, but VAERS deaths dropped off as we started vaccinating younger people:  For all of 2020, I listened to skeptical people ask 3 things about covid: “Is covid any worse than the flu?” “Did people really die from covid? or did they die with covid?” “Did they have other medical conditions?” These are good, skeptical questions. We should ask the same questions about vaccine deaths. We know that covid is worse than the flu. Covid has killed over 600,000 Americans. That’s 10 times worse than a bad flu year. For most age groups, your risk is 10–20 times higher of dying from covid:  The one exception is young children, where covid and the flu are both about the same. Most kids can fight off either infection. Let’s assume that all the VAERS deaths were caused by the vaccine. What does it look like if we put them in the same graph?  Chart is up to date with August 20th VAERS data. The vaccine might kill some people, but it’s about 20 times less deadly than the flu. It’s more than 100 times less deadly than getting covid. That’s assuming that all 6,000 people died from the vaccine. Did they? We know that most covid deaths were from covid, because 600,000 more people died than in a normal year. We don’t know if most people died from the vaccine, because there isn’t the same big spike in excess deaths. Let’s try just reading some of the case reports. The first case on the list is a 66 year old man at a senior living facility. He got the vaccine on 12/23 and died 2 days later. He was… not exactly healthy:  The next few cases are similar. Several are people in their 80’s with dementia. Many of the reports claim that there’s likely no connection to the vaccine, they’re just reporting the death to be on the safe side. Here’s an 89 year old woman who died 5 days after vaccination: Write-up: Resident in our long term care facility who received first dose of Moderna COVID-19 Vaccine on 12/22/2020, only documented side effect was mild fatigue after receiving. She passed away on 12/27/2020 of natural causes per report. Has previously been in & out of hospice care, resided in nursing home for 9+ years, elderly with dementia. Due to proximity of vaccination we felt we should report the death, even though it is not believed to be related. This sounds like a lot of old people that “died with the vaccine”, not “died from the vaccine”. I don’t have time to read all 6,000 cases. I’ve read one study that looked at the first 250 reported deaths. 95% of these patients had comorbidities. More specifically, 14% were bedridden with a serious illness, which was the most likely cause of death. 81% had comorbid conditions, so it’s not clear if the vaccine caused the death. For 5% of the cases, the vaccine was the most likely cause of death. From that analysis, the true number of vaccine deaths could be only 300. We can compare the VAERS deaths to the average rates of death from all other causes:  Looks pretty similar. The deaths could mostly be random and unrelated. Let’s look at the cases for children, to see if those stand out as unusual. VAERS lists 7 deaths between 12 and 17 years old. 2 of those 7 died from suicide. Does the vaccine make kids kill themselves? Or is this just grieving parents that want an explanation for why it happened? 2 of the others seem seriously unhealthy. One 15 year old girl got the Moderna vaccine and died 4 days later. Her preexisting conditions include: “Trisomey 21, Atrioventricular canal s/p repair, hypothyroidism, asthma, obstructive sleep apnea, cervical spine instability, hypotonia, scoliosis, feeding difficulties, renal dysplasia, autism, chronic constipation, bronchopulmonary dysplasia, mixed conductive and sensorineural hearing loss, binocular vision disorder, gastroesophgeal reflux” And then there are 3 young people that died from heart failure that seemed otherwise healthy. 1 is speculated to have had blood clots related to birth control pills. The VAERS database lists 3 deaths among infants. Infants are not getting the vaccine, so this should be suspicious. 2 of these look like data entry errors where the age was entered wrong — one is a suicide by gunshot. The only report that looks real is an infant death reported by a breastfeeding mother: Write-up: Patient received second dose of Pfizer vaccine on March 17, 2020 while at work. March 18, 2020 her 5 month old breastfed infant developed a rash and within 24 hours was inconsolable, refusing to eat, and developed a fever. Patient brought baby to local ER where assessments were performed, blood analysis revealed elevated liver enzymes. Infant was hospitalized but continued to decline and passed away. Diagnosis of TTP. No known allergies. No new exposures aside from the mother’s vaccination the previous day. Does the vaccine get into breastmilk? The first two studies said no. A third, more sensitive study said yes, in tiny amounts (2 parts per billion), which probably shouldn’t be a big deal. The antibodies that a mother makes do get into the breast milk. The usual effect of this should be positive, it should help protect a baby from covid. I don’t know if those antibodies could instead cause the symptoms listed above, in some rare case. So the vaccine might have killed one baby and 3 teenagers. I’m not sure. It’s hard to prove one way or another. Is there anything else we can say, statistically? One thought is that we’re using 3 different vaccines and each one should have a different risk profile. The Pfizer and Moderna vaccines use the same technology (messenger RNA). Pfizer and Moderna use different doses, the Moderna dose is 3 times as large. Moderna had twice the rate of minor side effects, like headache or fatigue, as Pfizer did, during trials. If mRNA is harmful, you might expect to see more deaths from the larger dose in Moderna. The Johnson and Johnson vaccine uses a different technology, you’d expect it could have a different death rate. We’ve given out more Pfizer vaccine than any other:  Vaccine counts from the CDC tracker, on 6/24 If all of these deaths are random, then the death rate for each vaccine should be proportional to the number of times it was used. Pfizer accounts for 53% of people vaccinated and 55% of the deaths. Moderna is 40% of the vaccines and 38% of the deaths. Johnson and Johnson is 7.9% of the vaccines and 6.9% of the deaths. So, Pfizer and Moderna have about the same death rates. There’s no dose dependence, no signal that higher dose Moderna is more dangerous. There’s a small question here because Johnson and Johnson uses only one shot and the other vaccines used two shots. Should we count by shots or by people vaccinated? I counted people, not shots. This kind of analysis is useful when it comes to looking at side effects. There are some rare side effects, and those show up more often with one vaccine than with another. But it seems unlikely that 3 different “deadly vaccines” would all be equally deadly. It seems more likely that the deaths are random events that aren’t related to vaccination. I can’t give exact explanations for each of the 6,000 deaths. The people were generally old with comorbidities. It’s likely that most of the deaths were not caused by the vaccine. Even if all 6,000 were vaccine deaths, getting the vaccine is 10 times safer than getting the flu and 100 times safer than getting covid. It would take a careful scientific study to get a better answer than that. The only thing I can say for sure is you’re not going to find that careful study on Youtube. Edit (12/21/21): if the vaccine is deadly to elderly people, you would expect another large wave of VAERS deaths when we started giving them booster shots. That did not happen:  Graph from vaersanalysis.info. Red bars show VAERS deaths (numbers listed on left hand side), blue bars show vaccine doses (dose numbers listed on the right hand side) The majority of VAERS deaths were reported during the original roll-out of vaccines. There was not a second wave of VAERS deaths when the booster shots came out, but there are still a few death reports trickling in. This supports the theory that most of the VAERS deaths were coincidences and not caused by the vaccine. But there may still be some vaccine deaths hidden in that data. Vaccine side effects: The vaccine does have side effects, that’s certain. 19,000 people ended up in the hospital after taking a vaccine. Some of these could also be coincidental. But many of the cases are allergic reactions that are obviously caused by the shot. Here’s one 55 year old woman: Write-up: 5 minutes after the Pfizer Covid-19 vaccine administration, the patient developed flushing, hives, felt warm and eventually short of breath. She started to wheeze and was wheeled into ER c/o “I can’t breathe while holding throat and thrashing with facial flushness noted. PT took 2 Benadryls and had several Epi shots. She was then discharged from the ER and later on that day, started to feel short of breath again. In the ED today she was audibly gasping for air, however had no wheezing, had a normal saturation and a normal blood pressure. She had taken another dose of her EpiPen IM and diphenhydramine 50 mg by mouth prior to coming. She was then admitted to the hospital for further observation. While on the floor, she started to feel short of breath again (about 9 am on 12/18/2020), which required an RRT . Patient received another dose of diphenhydramine IV, methylprednisolone 125 mg IV and several doses of IM epinephrine. She also required oxygen. She was then transferred to an ICU for further care. People can get allergic reactions to any vaccine or drug. That’s why they make you sit and wait for 15 minutes after getting the shot, so you can get prompt treatment if you have a bad reaction. Other than that, we know that some people get blood clots after taking the Johnson and Johnson vaccine. The CDC says the odds are about 1 in 100,000, and it’s about 10% fatal if it happens. Australia is claiming the same rates. So, 1 in a million chance of death. The risk is lower than from many prescription drugs. And it’s much lower than the risk of getting blood clots from covid. We also know that some people get myocarditis (inflammation of the heart) after the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines. Young men under 30 are at the highest risk. The exact odds vary based on your age and gender:   We know this is from the vaccine because it happens more often than by chance (for every highlighted cell in these tables, the risk is higher than the annual risk you’ll get myocarditis for some other reason). We can also see that most of these reactions happened after the 2nd vaccine dose. If it were random, it would happen equally after both first and second doses. We can also see some dose dependence here — the higher dose moderna vaccine has roughly twice the risk as the lower dose pfizer vaccine. This should give us more confidence that the VAERS deaths are mostly not caused by the vaccines, since there is no dose dependence there. VAERS deaths are reported equally for Pfizer and Moderna. Either vaccine is still safer than covid, which can also cause myocarditis. For most people, covid is much worse than the vaccine. For teenage boys, the myocarditis vs. covid risk is closer, but getting covid is still worse by a factor of 6. I’m not sure the best way to balance these risks. For all age groups, getting the vaccine looks safer than getting the virus. But for young men and teens, it might make sense to get only 1 covid shot and skip the second dose. It also makes sense for young men to choose the Pfizer shot over Moderna. Should you take the shot? When we talk about safety, we can’t just look at the risk of the vaccine. We need to compare it to the virus. The whole reason we’re taking the vaccine is to prevent that disease. Covid has killed 600,000 Americans after infecting only 30% of the population. Without a vaccine, we’d see two to three times as many deaths before we get herd immunity. Maybe we’d get more than that, since immunity doesn’t last. Vaccinating the whole country now should save at least 600,000 lives. Even if all 6,000 VAERS deaths are real, using the vaccine would be a hundred times safer than letting everyone get the virus. In reality, the vaccine is probably more than a thousand times better. Society is taking a calculated risk that this is the best option. We don’t have a lot of other choices. No one has the patience for lockdowns. Masks help a little but covid is still spreading. If anything, the bigger tragedy is that we waited as long as we did to use them. If we had tested or approved the vaccine one month faster, we would have seen all the same side effects, but we would have prevented 100,000 covid deaths. We could also save a lot of lives by testing drugs faster. As an individual, you also need to make a calculated risk. The known risk of vaccine death is 1 in a million. There’s a small chance of serious side effects. We don’t know if the vaccine has some unexpected long term effects, but most vaccines don’t. In my analysis, getting the vaccine is much safer than getting covid, for everyone aged 12 and up. I have not run an analysis for children younger than 12, as the data is still coming in. I would suggest getting the Pfizer vaccine instead of Moderna, because the dose is lower. The Moderna vaccine does work slightly better to prevent covid and it lasts a bit longer, so there are benefits to the higher dose. If you’re not afraid of side effects, it may give you better protection. Both will keep you from getting hospitalized from covid, both are fine if you don’t have a choice. I would personally choose to take the smaller dose with less side effects. Some countries have made the same conclusion, Sweden went as far as banning the Moderna vaccine for anyone under 30. For teenage boys and for young men, it might be safer to get a single shot of the vaccine rather than two. That would give some protection against covid without much risk of myocarditis. Some countries have made this choice, Taiwan halted second shots for teens as of November. The US health authorities still recommend two shots for everyone. If you’re pregnant or breast-feeding or worried about fertility, I would read this FAQ from Dr Viki Male, who’s rounded up all the studies we have on covid vaccines and fertility. If you’ve recently had covid, I don’t think you need the vaccine at all. You should have natural immunity. Neither vaccine immunity or natural immunity will last forever. For most other coronaviruses, immunity only lasts about a year. So you might want to get a booster shot 6–12 months after you get covid, if you don’t want to get covid again. If you are forced to get the vaccine because of mandates, I’d suggest you just get it instead of losing your job. Unless you hate your job anyways, in which case I’d suggest you quit. Life is too short to work a job you hate. It’s also too short to worry about 1 in a million risks. I encourage people to be skeptical of the government and do their own research. But, if your alternate sources start telling you that the vaccine has killed 150,000 people, you need to be equally skeptical of that.

Vaccine experts weigh in on side effects, efficacy rates, and how the vaccines stack up against the variants.  Ninety percent of adults in America will be eligible for a COVID-19 vaccine by April 19, according to the White House. This means that millions of people will have the chance to line up for their shot in less than three weeks. But what remains to be seen is how many eligible people will take that chance.  A Pew Research Center survey in late February found that 69% of Americans either have already been vaccinated or plan to be vaccinated. That’s up from the 60% who said they’d get vaccinated last November. Still, 30% of respondents said they would probably or definitely not get a vaccine. The top reasons given for foregoing it were concerns about how well the vaccines work, their side effects, and distrust in the quick development process.  AAMCNews spoke with vaccine experts to answer common questions about the COVID-19 vaccines.  How do the vaccines work? The United States has authorized three vaccines for emergency use, and a fourth is likely to go before the Food and Drug Administration for approval in the coming weeks.  Pfizer and Moderna: The first two COVID-19 vaccines to be greenlit in the United States use messenger RNA (mRNA), which is a molecule that instructs human cells to make a piece of the spike protein that the coronavirus uses to attach to and infect human cells. The material from the vaccine quickly disintegrates and never enters the cell’s nucleus, so it can’t alter the recipient’s DNA. The presence of the harmless spike proteins triggers the immune system to create antibodies and activate T-cells that mount an immune response. With the immune system primed, it is ready to act quickly if it ever detects the coronavirus in the body.  Researchers have been working on mRNA technology since the 1990s to fight a variety of diseases from influenza to Ebola, but the COVID-19 vaccine is the first time this technology has been authorized for the public.  The Pfizer vaccine requires two doses administered 21 days apart and the Moderna vaccine requires two doses 28 days apart.  Johnson & Johnson: The third vaccine to receive emergency use approval in the United States uses another relatively new vaccine technology that tweaks a harmless adenovirus — a type of virus that causes a common cold — to deliver the coronavirus spike protein instructions. After decades of research, the first adenovirus vaccine — used to protect against the Ebola virus — was approved in July 2020. Scientists reengineered the adenovirus in the COVID-19 vaccine so that it cannot replicate and make the recipient sick, but it can still deliver the spike protein instructions.  “It’s kind of like hijacking a known virus,” says Wilbur Chen, MD, an infectious disease and vaccine expert and chief of the adult clinical studies section of the Center for Vaccine Development and Global Health within the University of Maryland School of Medicine.  The Johnson & Johnson vaccine requires only one dose.  (The CDC called for a pause using this vaccine on April 13 in order to further investigate its safety after a rare, but serious blood clotting condition that occurred in six women after vaccination.)  AstraZeneca: This vaccine is not yet approved in the United States, but its manufacturers plan to seek approval in the coming weeks. It works in a similar way to the Johnson & Johnson vaccine, except it uses a reengineered adenovirus that typically infects chimpanzees. The AstraZeneca vaccine currently requires two doses given four weeks apart, but there is some uncertainty about how far apart the doses can be administered. The United Kingdom delayed the second shot to 12 weeks and one study suggests that the longer delay may have strengthened the vaccine’s effectiveness.  Which vaccine is the best one? The experts agreed: The best vaccine is the one that is first available to you.  “What I tell my patients and family members is to take whatever vaccine you can get,” says Mark Mulligan, MD, a professor at NYU Grossman School of Medicine and director of the NYU Langone Vaccine Center, who led the clinical trials for the AstraZeneca and Pfizer vaccines at New York University (NYU). “They’re all highly effective. You can’t really make any discernment from one to another.”  Some have speculated that the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines — with their roughly 95% efficacy rates in clinical trials — are better than the Johnson & Johnson vaccine (66% efficacy) and the AstraZeneca vaccine (76% efficacy). But comparing the different vaccines’ efficacy rates is sometimes like comparing apples and oranges, according to Anna Durbin, MD, a professor at Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine and Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health in Baltimore who specializes in infectious disease and vaccines.  “What I tell my patients and family members is to take whatever vaccine you can get. They’re all highly effective. You can’t really make any discernment from one to another.”  Mark Mulligan, MD Professor at NYU Grossman School of Medicine and director of the NYU Langone Vaccine Center  Efficacy data depends on many factors, including when and where the clinical trials took place, she says. Pfizer and Moderna, for example, tested their vaccines earlier in the pandemic and primarily in the United States before more contagious and deadly variants emerged, while much of Johnson & Johnson’s data was gathered in South America and South Africa, where particularly troubling variants were spreading.  Another complication is what the researchers conducting the clinical trials were measuring. The efficacy number reported in clinical trials was against any COVID-19 symptoms — even mild ones.  “What we’re trying to do is prevent severe illness,” Durbin explains. “All of them are close to 100% at preventing hospitalized COVID-19.”  In fact, experts say that the Johnson & Johnson vaccine has some advantages over the mRNA vaccines, including that it does not require ultra-cold storage and can be given as a one-dose regimen.   The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) says that a person can consider themselves fully vaccinated two weeks after the single shot of Johnson & Johnson or the second shot of Pfizer or Moderna.  If a person has previously been infected with SARS-CoV-2, the timeline may be shortened. One study at NYU Grossman School of Medicine found that, in the days following the first vaccine dose, previously infected people produced similar or greater numbers of antibodies than previously uninfected people did after the second shot.  Mulligan, who led the study, says that the information could suggest that people who have had COVID-19 might only need one shot of the mRNA vaccines, but that requires further study.  Are the vaccines safe? Every vaccine that is approved in the United States, even if under emergency use authorization, undergoes stringent safety testing, and the CDC continues to collect data on any side effects or adverse outcomes that could be related to the vaccine over time.  People who receive vaccines may experience a number of side effects, such as a sore arm, fever, fatigue, chills, nausea, and body aches — especially after the second dose of one of the two-dose regimens. This is a sign that the immune system is reacting and is not a cause for concern. The CDC recommends taking a painkiller after (not before) getting the shot and exercising the arm to avoid soreness.  The side effects are generally more intense after the second shot, as the immune system reacts to the known spike protein. The CDC also reports that 80% of those who reported experiencing side effects were women, which may be related to sex hormones’ role in the immune response, according to a New York Times article.   There are some rare serious side effects, such as anaphylaxis — a life-threatening, but treatable, allergic reaction. In the United States, this reaction has occurred in about two to five people per million vaccinated and has not resulted in any deaths.  The CDC requires that vaccinated people stay at the vaccination site for observation for at least 15 minutes after getting the shot in case they do have a negative reaction.  Kathryn Edwards, MD, a vaccinologist and the Sarah H. Sell and Cornelius Vanderbilt professor of pediatrics in the Division of Infectious Diseases at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine in Nashville, Tennessee, spends most of her day assessing reactions after COVID-19 vaccines as part of her CDC-funded Clinical Immunization Safety Assessment unit. Her team, which is working with allergists, believes that someone who has an immediate anaphylactic reaction to the first dose of an mRNA vaccine should not receive the second dose of that vaccine but rather may be able to get the Johnson & Johnson vaccine for their second shot with careful monitoring.  “I’ve been doing this a long time, and I don’t know that I’ve worked any harder than I am now. We want to make sure that the public knows that we want these vaccines to be both safe and effective.”  Kathryn Edwards, MD Vaccinologist and professor of pediatrics in the Division of Infectious Diseases at Vanderbilt University School of Medicine  Edwards also cautions that not all adverse reactions that happen around the time of vaccination are caused by the vaccine. As people with underlying conditions — particularly older individuals — receive a vaccine, heart attacks or strokes will happen and could be coincidental. Her team is working to determine whether certain reactions are happening more often than would be expected after vaccination.  For example, there is a concern that came up with the AstraZeneca vaccine that resulted in several countries pausing or limiting its use due to reports of blood clots. Edwards says that the number of people who have experienced blood clots after being vaccinated in the United States so far is lower than what would be expected in the everyday population. Still, the CDC is continually looking at these rates to identify any signal for a reaction that might be associated with a vaccine.  Though any long-term effects of the vaccines are not yet known, Edwards says that she and the CDC are being vigilant in investigating any potential problems as they arise.  “I’ve been doing this a long time,” she notes. “And I don’t know that I’ve worked any harder than I am now. We want to make sure that the public knows that we want these vaccines to be both safe and effective.”  Do the vaccines protect against the variants? The optimism that came with the approval of COVID-19 vaccines in late 2020 was tempered by the emergence of several coronavirus variants that had mutated to be more contagious, deadlier, and potentially able to evade the vaccines.  But the data so far suggest that currently available vaccines work well against the variants.  Chen says that those who are vaccinated and later infected with one of the concerning variants are still unlikely to be hospitalized. Though there is little real-world data on how the vaccines work against the B.1.351 variant — a particularly concerning one first detected in South Africa — one small clinical trial for the AstraZeneca vaccine was halted after it showed only 22% efficacy against the variant. Notably, none of the vaccinated people, who were generally low-risk for severe COVID-19 to begin with, were hospitalized or died.  The World Health Organization says that the vaccines are likely to provide at least some protection against each of the variants because they prompt a broad immune response beyond just targeting the spike protein that is the focus of the vaccines.  Pfizer and Moderna have begun testing third “booster” shots of the vaccines to see if the extra dose could provide further protection against the variants. They are also developing variant-specific vaccines targeting the B.1.351 variant.  Edwards would not be surprised if it turns out that people need to continue to get COVID-19 booster shots as additional variants emerge.  “When new strains emerge, we may need to make new vaccines. We have been doing that for many years [for the flu vaccine],” she explains. “We may need to do it for COVID as well.”  But it is still a race between vaccination and variants. The key to ending the pandemic is getting vaccines administered to people across the globe. As of March 30, there had been only 7.4 vaccine doses administered per 100 people globally, and many low-income countries had not yet administered a single dose, according to the New York Times vaccination tracker.  “Until the entire world has conquered the virus,” Durbin says, “we’re going to have to keep protecting ourselves.”

Data must show that a COVID-19 vaccine is safe and effective before the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) can give emergency use authorization or approval. The safety of COVID-19 vaccines is closely monitored by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and FDA.  The FDA has approved the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine, now called Comirnaty, to prevent COVID-19 in people age 16 and older. The FDA approved Comirnaty after data found the vaccine is safe and effective. The FDA has also approved the Moderna COVID-19 vaccine, now called Spikevax, to prevent COVID-19 in people age 18 and older.  Vaccines with emergency use authorization by the FDA include:  Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine for children ages 5 to 15 Janssen/Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccine The CDC recommends getting an mRNA COVID-19 vaccine over getting the Janssen/Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccine. But getting any COVID-19 vaccine is better than not getting a COVID-19 vaccine.

The Pfizer-BioNTech Covid-19 vaccine appears to be safe in people previously diagnosed with myocarditis, according to a small study presented Thursday at a European medical conference.  The findings, experts say, should help reassure people who previously experienced myocarditis that Covid vaccination is safe.  Myocarditis is an inflammatory heart condition with a number of causes, including viral and bacterial infections. The mRNA Covid vaccines, from both Pfizer and Moderna, have also been linked to a small but increased risk of the condition.  The new study was presented virtually at the European Society of Cardiology Acute CardioVascular Care conference. It has not yet been published in a peer-reviewed journal, though it is undergoing peer review.  Researchers from France studied 55 patients, most of them young men, who had been hospitalized with myocarditis within the last five years and were later inoculated with a Covid-19 vaccine.  Patients were contacted by the researchers by phone and asked if they had been vaccinated, with which vaccine, how many times and whether they experienced any side effects.  They found that none of the patients experienced myocarditis, or any other serious adverse event after vaccination, suggesting that the Pfizer vaccine is not associated with a risk of recurrence of the condition. Because the vast majority of the patients in the study were vaccinated with the Pfizer vaccine, the findings cannot be applied to other currently available Covid shots, such as Moderna’s, the authors noted.  Get the Morning Rundown  Get a head start on the morning's top stories.  The results may be reassuring to those with a history of myocarditis who are reluctant to get vaccinated.  "One of causes pushing us to conduct this study was a patient with a history of prior myocarditis refusing to be vaccinated against Covid, fearing a recurrence," lead study author Dr. Abou Saleh, a researcher at Hospices Civils de Lyon, a hospital in France, told NBC News in an email.  The findings, he said, may "incite patients with prior history of myocarditis to get vaccinated."  Full coverage of the coronavirus outbreak  The study comes less than two weeks after Florida's surgeon general formally recommended against Covid vaccinations for healthy children, citing in part the rare risk of myocarditis in young men and teenage boys. The state softened its stance a day later, however.  Both Pfizer’s and Moderna’s Covid vaccines have been linked to a slightly elevated risk of myocarditis, particularly in men ages 18 to 29 following their second dose.

Pfizer-BioNTech (COMIRNATY) Name Change Pfizer-BioNTech (COMIRNATY) received U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval on August 23, 2021, for individuals ages 16 years and older. Once vaccines are approved by the FDA, companies can market the vaccines under brand names. COMIRNATY is the brand name for the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine. After FDA approval, the FDA-authorized Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine for individuals ages 16 years and older was marketed as COMIRNATY. No change was made to the vaccine’s formula with the name change.  The Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine label remains for individuals ages 5–15 years since the vaccine is authorized but not yet approved for this age group.  Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine Ingredients All COVID-19 vaccine ingredients are safe. Nearly all of the ingredients in COVID-19 vaccines are ingredients found in many foods – fats, sugars, and salts. The Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine also contains a harmless piece of messenger RNA (mRNA). The COVID-19 mRNA teaches cells in the body how to create an immune response to the virus that causes COVID-19. This response helps protect you from getting sick with COVID-19 in the future. After the body produces an immune response, it discards all of the vaccine ingredients, just as it would discard any substance that cells no longer need. This process is a part of normal body functioning.  All COVID-19 vaccines are manufactured with as few ingredients as possible and with very small amounts of each ingredient. Each ingredient in the vaccine serves a specific purpose as seen in the table below.  Pfizer-BioNTech has updated the formulation of the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine. The updated formulation has the same active ingredients as the previous formulation but uses different stabilizers (ingredients that help keep the vaccine molecules stable while the vaccine is manufactured, frozen, shipped, and stored). These changes allow for easier shipping and longer storage of vaccines at refrigerator temperatures. This will help improve access to vaccines for people who need them and will decrease waste.  The previous formulation for people ages 12 years and older is no longer being distributed, and once the doses of that formulation have been used, only the updated formulation will be available. Both formulations can be used interchangeably without any safety or effectiveness concerns. Check with your healthcare provider about which formulation they carry if you are concerned about any of the ingredients.  Other authorized or approved COVID-19 vaccines in the United States Moderna (ages 18 years and older) Johnson & Johnson’s Janssen (ages 18 years and older) You should get a COVID-19 vaccination as soon as possible. All currently approved or authorized COVID-19 vaccines are safe and effective. However, CDC recommends that people who are starting their vaccine series or getting a booster dose get either Pfizer-BioNTech or Moderna (mRNA COVID-19 vaccines). The mRNA vaccines are preferred over Johnson & Johnson’s Janssen COVID-19 vaccine in most circumstances.  CDC does not recommend mixing products for a two-dose primary series or an additional primary dose. For a booster dose, adults ages 18 years and older may choose which vaccine product they get. CDC recommends either Pfizer-BioNTech or Moderna (mRNA COVID-19 vaccines) in most circumstances. Although mRNA vaccines are preferred, the J&J/Janssen COVID-19 vaccine may be considered in some situations.  Safety Data Summary Side effects that happen within 7 days of getting vaccinated are common but are mostly mild. Some people have side effects that affect their ability to do daily activities. Side effects (such as fever, chills, tiredness, and headache) throughout the body are more common after the second dose of the vaccine. Rare cases of myocarditis and pericarditis in adolescents and young adults have been reported more often after getting the second dose than after the first dose of one of the two mRNA COVID-19 vaccines (Pfizer-BioNTech or Moderna). These reports are rare and the known and potential benefits of COVID-19 vaccination outweigh the known and potential risks, including the possible risk of myocarditis or pericarditis. All FDA-approved or authorized COVID-19 vaccines have undergone and will continue to undergo the most intensive safety monitoring in U.S. history. This monitoring includes using both established and new safety monitoring systemspdf icon to make sure that COVID-19 vaccines are safe.  How Well the Vaccine Works Based on evidence from clinical trials in people ages 16 years and older, the Pfizer-BioNTech (COMIRNATY) vaccine was 95% effective at preventing laboratory-confirmed infection with the virus that causes COVID-19 in people who received two doses and had no evidence of being previously infected. In clinical trials, the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine had >90% efficacy in preventing laboratory-confirmed COVID-19 infection in children ages 5–15 years, and the immune response in children ages 5–15 years was at least as strong as the immune response in people ages 16–25 years. In clinical trials, the vaccine also had >90% efficacy in preventing COVID-19 among people of diverse age, sex, race, and ethnicity categories and among people with underlying medical conditions. Evidence shows some variation in levels of protection by vaccine. All FDA-approved or authorized COVID-19 vaccines provide substantial protection against COVID-19 hospitalization. CDC will continue to provide updates as we learn more.

Countries around the world are rolling out COVID-19 vaccines, and a key topic of interest is their safety. Vaccine safety is one of WHO’s highest priorities, and we’re working closely with national authorities to develop and implement standards to ensure that COVID-19 vaccines are safe and effective.  Ensuring safety Billions of people have been safely vaccinated against COVID-19. All of the approved COVID-19 vaccines have been carefully tested and continue to be monitored.  Like all vaccines, COVID-19 vaccines go through a rigorous, multi-stage testing process, including large clinical trials that involve tens of thousands of people. These trials are specifically designed to identify any safety concerns.  An external panel of experts convened by WHO analyses the results from clinical trials and recommends whether and how the vaccines should be used. Officials in individual countries decide whether to approve the vaccines for national use and develop policies for how to use the vaccines based on WHO recommendations.    After a COVID-19 vaccine is introduced, WHO supports work with vaccine manufacturers, health officials in each country and other partners to monitor for any safety concerns on an ongoing basis.  New vaccine technology Some COVID-19 vaccines have been developed with an approach that uses messenger RNA (mRNA). The mRNA vaccine technology has been studied for over a decade, including in the development of vaccines for Zika, rabies and influenza.  These mRNA vaccines have been rigorously assessed for safety, and clinical trials have shown that they provide a long-lasting immune response. mRNA vaccines are not live virus vaccines and do not interfere with human DNA. For more information on mRNA vaccines, see WHO’s explainer on the different types of COVID-19 vaccines.  Safety of COVID-19 vaccines for different groups COVID-19 vaccines have been tested in large, randomized controlled trials that include people of a broad age range, all sexes, different ethnicities, and those with known medical conditions. The vaccines have shown a high level of efficacy across all populations. Vaccines have been found to be safe and effective in people with various underlying medical conditions that are associated with increased risk of severe disease. These include high blood pressure; diabetes; asthma; pulmonary, liver or kidney disease; and chronic infections that are stable and controlled.  Those who should consult with a doctor before vaccination include people with a compromised immune system, older people with severe frailty, people with a history of severe allergic reaction to vaccines, people living with HIV, and those who are pregnant or breastfeeding. For more information about vaccine safety for different groups, please see our Q&A on COVID-19 vaccine safety.  Pregnancy You can get vaccinated whilst you are pregnant. During pregnancy, you are at higher risk of serious illness caused by COVID-19. You are also at higher risk of delivering your baby prematurely if you contract COVID-19. While there is less data available on vaccination of pregnant people, evidence on the safety of COVID-19 vaccines during pregnancy has been growing, and no safety concerns have been identified. Especially in countries with high transmission, or if you have an occupation where you are at more risk of being exposed to COVID-19, the benefits of getting the vaccine outweigh potential risks. There is no risk of getting COVID-19 from the vaccine. Talk to your healthcare provider to make an informed decision about vaccination.  Questions and Answers: COVID-19 vaccines and pregnancy  Breastfeeding  If you are breastfeeding, you should get vaccinated against COVID-19 as soon as it is your turn. None of the current COVID-19 vaccines have live virus in them. This means there is no risk of you transmitting COVID-19 to your baby through your breastmilk from the vaccine.  In fact, the antibodies you get after vaccination may go through your breast milk and help to protect your baby.   Safety of COVID-19 vaccines for children The Pfizer vaccine is safe for use in children aged 5 years and above. For children in this age group, WHO recommends a reduced dosage of 10 µg (0.2 ml). Both Pfizer and Moderna are safe for use in children aged 12 and above using a dose of 0.3 ml and 0.5 ml respectively.  However, while the availability of COVID-19 vaccines is limited, WHO recommends that countries should vaccinate children only when high vaccine coverage with two doses has been achieved in higher priority-use groups, as identified in the WHO Prioritization Roadmap. However, children with existing health conditions should be prioritised for vaccination at the same time as other high risk groups.  Vaccine trials to determine whether other COVID-19 vaccines are safe for use in children are ongoing, and WHO recommendations will be updated when the evidence supports a change in the policy.   Practicing the protective behaviours is still the best way to keep everyone, including children, safe from COVID-19, whether or not you have been vaccinated. Keep a safe distance from others, avoid crowds, wear a well-fitting mask covering your mouth and nose, keep indoor spaces well ventilated, clean hands regularly and cover coughs and sneezes, as well as getting vaccinated as soon as it’s your turn.

Overall effectiveness has been reported in the range of 70% to 95%. That’s well above the average effectiveness of the flu vaccine, for example.  A Pfizer/BioNTech vaccine trial involving nearly 44,000 volunteers found vaccination to be 95% effective. This vaccine is authorized for use in the US. A Moderna vaccine trial enrolling more than 30,000 volunteers reported an effectiveness of 94%. This vaccine is authorized for use in the US. An AstraZeneca/Oxford vaccine trial reported average effectiveness of 70% with full doses, but even better results (as high as 90%) with a lower dose. This vaccine is authorized for use in Great Britain, but not in the US. A Johnson & Johnson (Janssen) trial reported overall effectiveness of 66% (72% in the US) in preventing moderate to severe COVID-19. This vaccine is authorized for use in the US. Not only do these vaccines appear to lessen risk of developing COVID-19, but they also appear to lessen the risk of severe disease. (Click here for additional information on available vaccines.)  What are the most common COVID vaccine side effects? In large clinical trials, most side effects have been minor. When side effects occur, they typically last just a few days. A side effect or reaction isn’t necessarily all bad, by the way; it may indicate that the body is building protection against the virus.  For the four vaccines listed above, common side effects include  pain at the site of the injection painful, swollen lymph nodes in the arm where the vaccine was injected tiredness headache muscle or joint aches nausea and vomiting fever or chills. What else should I know about possible side effects? Severe allergic reactions. Rarely, a potentially life-threatening reaction called anaphylaxis may occur, most often in people known to have had severe vaccine reactions in the past. CDC estimates suggest anaphylaxis occurs in 11 cases per million doses among people receiving the Pfizer/BioNTech vaccine. The signs are trouble breathing, swelling of the face and throat, rash, and low blood pressure. It usually occurs soon after vaccination, and can be treated with epinephrine (as in an EpiPen). That’s why people are observed for at least 15 minutes after receiving the vaccine with epinephrine at the ready. Unexplained deaths. A recent report of 23 deaths among elderly vaccine recipients in Norway raised understandable safety concerns about the new COVID-19 vaccines. However, further investigation is needed to determine whether these deaths were related to the vaccines, or represent an expected number of deaths among frail individuals who already may have had a limited life expectancy. Pushing back on two vaccine misconceptions It’s normal to feel cautious about any new treatment. But two common misconceptions may encourage people to avoid getting a COVID vaccine.  Health problems incorrectly blamed on the vaccine. When health problems develop soon after vaccination, people tend to blame the vaccine. Yet cancer, strokes, heart attacks, blood disorders, and rare illnesses occurred before the pandemic, and will of course continue to happen. Many people would be expected to develop such health issues whether or not they get vaccinated. If thorough investigation shows certain health problems are occurring at a higher than normal rate, the vaccine could be to blame. If not, it’s more likely to be an unfortunate coincidence that’s not related to the vaccine.For example, rare cases of Bell’s palsy and other neurologic disease have been reported after COVID vaccination. But so far, there is no clear suggestion that the vaccine played any role. Similarly, a fatal blood disorder suffered by a Florida physician two weeks after receiving a COVID-19 vaccine raised concerns that it was triggered by the vaccine. Authorities are investigating this and similar cases. This condition did not occur among the tens of thousands of clinical trial subjects, so it might be a complete coincidence. Concerns that the vaccine can cause COVID-19. That can’t happen, because no live SARS-CoV-2 virus is used in currently available vaccines or those in development. If a person develops COVID-19 soon after vaccination, it’s not due to the vaccine. It’s either because the vaccine failed (which is rather rare), or infection developed before the vaccine had a chance to work. In fact, some people may already be infected with the virus at the time of vaccination. The bottom line So far, we know COVID-19 is an unpredictable and potentially deadly disease. And the information we have about the effectiveness and safety of COVID-19 vaccinations is encouraging. Minor side effects should be expected; severe allergic reactions may rarely occur. Side effects from the vaccine are not reasons for most people to avoid vaccination.  As the number of vaccine recipients and the number of different vaccines grow, vigilance is warranted. What we know today about side effects and safety won’t be the last word. Volunteers in clinical trials and members of the public who have received vaccinations continue to be monitored, and are encouraged to report problems.  There are pros and cons to any new medical treatment. But remember there are also pros and cons to declining treatment. Based on my reading of currently available information, the decision to be vaccinated against COVID-19 should be an easy one.

A small study has shown that SARS-CoV-2 vaccination in patients who had an inflamed heart muscle in the past is not associated with a recurrence of the condition or other serious side effects. The research is presented at ESC Acute CardioVascular Care 2022, a scientific congress of the European Society of Cardiology (ESC).[1]  “These results provide reassuring data that may encourage patients with a history of myocarditis to get vaccinated against SARS-CoV-2,” said study author Dr. Iyad Abou Saleh of Hospices Civils de Lyon, France. “It should be noted that the majority of patients in our study received the BNT162b2 mRNA vaccine and therefore the findings may not apply to other vaccines.”[2]  Myocarditis is an inflammation of the heart muscle. Signs and symptoms include fatigue, chest pain, shortness of breath, and rapid heartbeats. The inflammation can reduce the heart’s ability to pump and can also cause arrhythmias (irregular heartbeats). Prevalence is estimated at 10 to 106 cases per 100,000 individuals worldwide.[3] The leading cause of myocarditis is viral infection.  Rare cases of myocarditis following SARS-CoV-2 vaccination have been reported in the scientific literature with a prevalence of 2.1 cases for 100,000 inhabitants.[4-6] However, there are a lack of data regarding the risk of myocarditis recurrence after SARS-CoV-2 vaccination in patients with a history of the condition.  Dr. Abou Saleh pointed out: “Our experience shows that in some situations patients have avoided vaccination because they, or their GP, were afraid it could cause another bout of myocarditis. We hypothesized that SARS-CoV-2 vaccination would not increase the risk of myocarditis recurrence in patients who had the condition in the past.”  The researchers included all patients hospitalized in Hospices Civils de Lyon during the last five years (from January 2016 to June 2021) with a diagnosis of acute myocarditis. Patients were contacted by telephone and asked if they had been vaccinated, with which vaccine, how many times, and whether they had any side effects. Patients were also asked if they currently had COVID-19 or had contracted it in the past.  A total of 142 patients with a prior history of confirmed acute myocarditis were enrolled in the study. The average age was 31 years and 20.3% were women. Among them, vaccination status was known for 71 patients (50%): 55 patients were vaccinated and 16 were not vaccinated. The main reason given for not getting the vaccine was the fear of myocarditis recurrence (12 patients, 75% of non-vaccinated patients). Vaccination status was unknown for 66 patients and five patients had died before the COVID-19 outbreak.  Among the vaccinated patients, 12 had one dose and 43 had two doses. Patients were mainly vaccinated with BNT162b2 mRNA (53 patients, 96.4%). One patient had the mRNA-1273 vaccine[7] and one had the Ad26.COV2-S [recombinant] vaccine.[8]  The researchers also obtained information about side effects following vaccination from medical records. These included serious events such as death, arrhythmias, and recurrent myocarditis. There were no serious adverse events after SARS-CoV-2 vaccination.  Dr. Abou Saleh said: “We showed that SARS-CoV-2 vaccination in patients with a history of acute myocarditis is not associated with a risk of recurrent myocarditis or other serious side effects. Our results should be interpreted with caution due to the small number of patients and the predominant use of one type of vaccine.”

Overview What is COVID-19? COVID-19 is a new illness that affects the lungs and breathing. It is caused by a new coronavirus. Symptoms include fever, cough, sore throat, and trouble breathing. COVID-19 may also cause stomach problems, such as nausea and diarrhea, and a loss of your sense of smell or taste. Symptoms may appear 2 to 14 days after you are exposed to the virus. Some people with COVID-19 may have no symptoms or only mild symptoms.  Should I get a COVID-19 vaccine? Yes, you are strongly encouraged to be vaccinated. Vaccines are recommended for people age 5 and older. The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG) recommends vaccination if you are pregnant, postpartum, breastfeeding, or planning a pregnancy. Find out how to get a COVID-19 vaccine near you through the CDC website.  For information about vaccines for children 11 and under, visit the American Academy of Pediatrics website healthychildren.org.  Are COVID-19 vaccines safe and effective? Yes, studies have shown that COVID-19 vaccines are safe and highly effective. The COVID-19 vaccines can prevent infection, severe illness, and death from COVID-19, including from new variants.  Before vaccines are given to the public, vaccines go through many layers of testing and reviews. The COVID-19 vaccines meet strict safety standards required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA). Millions of people in the United States have safely received COVID-19 vaccines.  Getting a Vaccine What vaccines are available in the United States? There are three COVID-19 vaccines in the United States: Pfizer, Moderna, and Johnson & Johnson. The Pfizer and Moderna vaccines require two shots. The Johnson & Johnson vaccine requires only one shot. The Pfizer and Moderna vaccines have been shown to be the most effective. Learn more from the CDC about the different vaccines.  Which vaccine should I get? Most adults age 18 and older should get the Pfizer or Moderna vaccine.  Adults can get the Johnson & Johnson vaccine if they have an allergy to ingredients in the other vaccines, have limited access to the other vaccines, or still prefer this vaccine after understanding the risks and benefits. Read “Is the Johnson & Johnson (J&J) vaccine safe?” below.  Children and teens between 5 and 17 can only get the Pfizer vaccine.  If you are pregnant, postpartum, or breastfeeding, you should follow these same recommendations.  Do I need a booster shot? Yes. Over time, protection from a vaccine can decline. A booster dose improves (boosts) your body’s ability to protect you from illness. Everyone 12 and older should get a booster. This includes anyone who is pregnant, postpartum, or breastfeeding.  Pfizer or Moderna vaccines are recommended for booster shots. You do not need to choose the same vaccine that you originally received.  The timing of the booster depends on which vaccine you originally received:  Johnson & Johnson—Get a Pfizer or Moderna booster at least 2 months after your first dose. You may get a Johnson & Johnson booster in some cases.  Pfizer and Moderna—Get a Pfizer or Moderna booster at least 5 months after your second dose. You may get a Johnson & Johnson booster in some cases.  You can get a booster at any time during pregnancy. If you were originally vaccinated before pregnancy and you are now pregnant, you should still get a booster.  What if I have a weakened immune system? People who have weakened immune systems may need an extra dose of the vaccine. This is an extra “primary” dose—part of the first series of shots you get before you need a booster later. You may also need to get a booster shot sooner than other people. Read the current CDC guidelines on vaccines for people with weakened immune systems.  Do COVID-19 vaccines have side effects? It’s common to feel side effects after getting a COVID-19 vaccine. There are different types of COVID-19 vaccines that have varying side effects. Side effects also vary from person to person. Some vaccines may make you feel like you have the flu for a few days. This is normal.  If you have a fever or other side effects after getting the vaccine, you can take over-the-counter (OTC) pain relief medication. If you are pregnant, the OTC medication acetaminophen is safe to take during pregnancy.  If you are worried about your side effects or they last more than a few days, talk with your health care professional.  Do I need a vaccine if I already had COVID-19? Yes, you still need a vaccine even if you have had COVID-19 in the past. There is no way to tell how protected you are from COVID-19 after infection. Your level of protection may vary based on how severe your illness was, how long it has been since you were sick, and how old you are.  A growing amount of data shows that the COVID-19 vaccine gives more protection against future illness than the protection you might have after getting the virus. Getting a COVID-19 vaccine will help prevent you from getting COVID-19 again and strengthen your protection against severe illness.  Pregnancy, Breastfeeding, and Fertility Should I get a COVID-19 vaccine during pregnancy? Yes, you should get a COVID-19 vaccine during pregnancy. ACOG strongly recommends that all pregnant women be vaccinated against COVID-19. Getting a vaccine could help both you and your fetus. Remember that pregnant women have a higher risk of severe illness from COVID-19 than nonpregnant women. The vaccines are very effective at preventing infection, severe illness, and death from COVID-19.  When you get vaccinated, the antibodies made by your body may be passed to your fetus. These antibodies may help protect your baby from the virus after birth. How much protection your antibodies may provide is not yet known.  [Infographic: Why Should I Get the COVID-19 Vaccine While I'm Pregnant?]  Are COVID-19 vaccines safe during pregnancy? Yes, a growing amount of data confirms that COVID-19 vaccines are safe during pregnancy. Scientists have compared the pregnancies of women who have received COVID-19 vaccines and women who have not. The reports show that these women have had similar pregnancy outcomes. Data do not show any safety concerns.  If you are pregnant and want to know more about the vaccines, you can talk with your obstetrician–gynecologist (ob-gyn). This conversation is not required to get a vaccine, though it may be helpful.  Learn more from the CDC about COVID-19 vaccines, pregnancy, and breastfeeding.  Should I get a COVID-19 vaccine if I am breastfeeding? Yes, ACOG strongly recommends that breastfeeding women get a COVID-19 vaccine. Breastfeeding after vaccination is safe for the baby. There is no need to stop breastfeeding if you want to get a vaccine. When you get vaccinated, the antibodies made by your body may be passed through breast milk and may help protect your child from the virus.  Should I get a COVID-19 vaccine if I am trying to get pregnant? Yes, if you are planning or trying to get pregnant, you should get a COVID-19 vaccine. There is no evidence that the COVID-19 vaccines cause infertility, and a growing amount of data confirms this. You also do not need to delay getting pregnant after you get a vaccine.  Learn more from the CDC about COVID-19 vaccines for people who would like to have a baby.  Other Questions Can COVID-19 vaccines affect menstrual periods? A recent study of nearly 4,000 people found there was a very small, temporary change in menstrual cycle length after vaccination. Periods were late by less than 1 day on average and returned to normal within 1 or 2 months.  Menstrual cycles often change a small amount from month to month. Temporary changes can be caused by many factors, including stress, lifestyle changes, and some underlying health conditions. Small changes in cycle length are normal and do not affect health or fertility.  More research is needed on this topic and in more diverse groups of people, but the results of this study are reassuring. This is good evidence that any effect of the COVID-19 vaccines on periods is temporary, small, and no cause for concern.  Can I get a COVID-19 vaccine while I’m on my period? Yes, you can get a COVID-19 vaccine while you have your menstrual period. There is no need to reschedule.  Can COVID-19 vaccines affect breast cancer screening (mammography)? There have been reports of COVID-19 vaccines causing swollen lymph nodes in underarms. This is a temporary side effect, but the swelling can make mammograms hard to read correctly. Because of this side effect, routine mammograms may be postponed for 4 to 6 weeks after you get a COVID-19 vaccine.  If you have any problems with your breasts or if you are at high risk for breast cancer, you should not delay your mammogram. If you do have a mammogram fewer than 4 to 6 weeks after getting a COVID-19 vaccine, tell the health care staff when you got your vaccine, which type of vaccine you had, and which arm the shot went in.  Remember, breast cancer screening is important health care that you should not skip. Read Mammography and Other Screening Tests for Breast Problems to learn more.  What should I know about the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines and myocarditis? There have been rare reports of temporary inflammation in or around the heart muscle after vaccination with the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines. These conditions are called myocarditis and pericarditis. These cases have been seen mostly in male teens and young adults. Most patients do well with treatment and quickly feel better.  The risk of illness and death from COVID-19 is far greater than the rare risks of myocarditis and pericarditis. The CDC continues to recommend everyone age 5 and older get a COVID-19 vaccine.  Is the Johnson & Johnson (J&J) vaccine safe? All vaccines have gone through intense safety studies and health officials continue to track their safety. The Johnson & Johnson vaccine has potential risks, but they are very rare. The vaccine has been linked to two rare health conditions:  Thrombosis with thrombocytopenia syndrome (TTS), a condition involving blood clots and other symptoms. Most cases of these blood clots have been reported in women under age 50.  Guillain-Barré syndrome, an immune system disorder that affects the nervous system.  These conditions have only been reported in a few people out of every million doses of the Johnson & Johnson vaccine that have been given. But because of these rare risks, health officials recommend getting the Moderna and Pfizer vaccines instead of Johnson & Johnson. The Johnson & Johnson vaccine can still be given in some cases (read the question “Which vaccine should I get?” above).  If you choose to get the Johnson & Johnson vaccine, you should be aware of the potential risks.  What should I know about the Johnson & Johnson (J&J) vaccine and birth control? Some hormonal birth control methods are linked to a small increased risk of blood clots. The type of blood clot related to birth control is different than the type of blood clot syndrome related to the Johnson & Johnson vaccine. There is no need to change birth control methods if you get the Johnson & Johnson vaccine. Hormonal birth control should not affect your risk of blood clots after getting the Johnson & Johnson vaccine.  I have heard rumors about how the vaccines can affect my body. What is the truth? COVID-19 vaccines work in different ways, and all of them are proven to be safe. It is important to know that:  The vaccines cannot give you COVID-19. None of the vaccines uses the live virus that causes COVID-19.  The vaccines do not affect your genes or DNA.  There is no evidence that the COVID-19 vaccines cause infertility. ACOG recommends vaccination for anyone who may consider getting pregnant in the future.

Many parents have been anxiously awaiting the moment that Covid-19 vaccines become authorized for their children, hoping that the shots would provide confidence and security as the kids return to normal activities. Others have been more wary, concerned that rare side effects like myocarditis will outweigh the vaccine’s benefits considering that kids are less likely than adults to experience severe outcomes from the disease.  A variety of seemingly-conflicting headlines have added to the confusion about when the vaccines will be ready. Pfizer’s is the only vaccine authorized for children five and over, but Moderna’s was expected to be authorized for adolescents (age 12 to 17) in the fall of 2021 until the FDA said it needed more time to review potential adverse reactions. In the meantime, Moderna completed its trial on younger kids, ages 6 to 11, but rather than submitting that data to the FDA, the company said it would wait until the agency finished reviewing the previously-submitted adolescent data. Pfizer planned to end the clinical trials for patients under five near the end of 2021, but in February 2022, changed course and added a third shot in hopes of increasing efficacy in the midst of Omicron.  The whirlwind of news has left many parents scratching their heads and full of frustration. Smithsonian reached out to experts to understand what the future might hold.  Why are separate trials needed for children? In order to be authorized for use in kids, any drug or vaccine needs to undergo child-specific clinical trials, which usually occur after a drug has already been proven safe in adults. Kids are not just small adults and adjusting the doses based on their size isn’t enough to guarantee safety and efficacy. “Children’s immune systems are still building, so sometimes children will respond slowly or not at all to vaccines,” says Mobeen Rashore, an infectious disease pediatrician at the University of Florida. Sometimes they need additional doses to coax their immune systems to develop a sufficient response.  Other times, they may respond more robustly than adults, leading to additional side effects. “If you give kids a higher dose of vaccine, it’s possible that they have more side effects. More fevers, they can have more swelling of the arm, or they can have more pain, or other things that we don’t know about,” says Rashore. Still, “you don’t want to give a vaccine dose that is so small that it’s not effective.”  “For some pathogens kids simply don’t need as much [as adults],” says Buddy Creech, a pediatrician at Vanderbilt University and a principal investigator in Moderna’s pediatric vaccine trials. “With influenza, we historically have given a slightly smaller amount. For other vaccines, it really doesn’t matter as much.”  Moderna and Pfizer have been testing smaller doses of their Covid vaccine on children to see if they can provide protection without raising side effects.  What vaccines are available for kids and how well do they work? So far, Pfizer’s vaccine is that only one authorized for patients 5 to 17 years old. No Covid vaccines have been authorized for those under 5.  Scientists and regulators use two main strategies to evaluate effectiveness of Covid vaccines in younger populations. The first, of course, is comparing the number of Covid cases in a vaccinated group of patients to that in a group of patients who received a placebo. However, it can take a long time for there to be enough cases to reach statistical significance, so they also look at the immunogenicity—a measure of how strongly the immune system responded to the vaccine. By measuring the number of antibodies a child produces after vaccination and comparing that to the number of antibodies adults produced, the researchers can reasonably assume a similar level of protection.  In May of 2021, the FDA authorized Pfizer’s vaccine for adolescents aged 12 to 15. Out of about 1,000 patients who received the vaccine, no cases of Covid-19 occurred a week after vaccination. In the placebo group, 16 cases occurred. Those who received the vaccine also showed similar levels of antibodies to those of vaccinated young adults (16 to 25 years of age).  The Pfizer vaccine was authorized for children 5 to 11 years old on October 29, 2021. The clinical trials showed that a dose of 10 μg elicited similar immune responses to the 30 μg dose for those 12 to 15 years old and was about 90 percent effective at preventing Covid-19.  Moderna published results of its trials of two 100 μg shots in 12 to 17 year old patients in the New England Journal of Medicine in August of 2021 and applied for FDA authorization, but in October, the company announced that the FDA needed more time to review the possibility of an increased risk of myocarditis in this age group. In the same month, the company published a press release with data from its trial of two 50 µg shots in 6 to 11 year olds that said the children mounted an immune response comparable to that of adults, but the full results are not yet available and the company won’t submit it to the FDA until the review of the adolescent data is complete.  As the Omicron variant took hold, researchers have found that the vaccines were less effective against infection in individuals of all ages, however they still provided substantial protection against hospitalization and death. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) published a report on March 11, in which over 1,200 children aged 5 to 15, both vaccinated and unvaccinated, were tested for Covid-19 weekly between July 2021 and February 2022, regardless of whether or not they showed symptoms. As Omicron surged, the Pfizer vaccine reduced the risk of infections (symptomatic and asymptomatic) among 12 to 15 year olds by 59 percent and 5 to 12 year olds by 31 percent.  Why hasn’t a vaccine been approved for kids under 5 years old? During the rise of Omicron, the companies were also running trials for the youngest patients: kids under the age of five. While Pfizer had originally announced that it expected the shot to be available by the end of 2021, it instead published a press release in February saying that it would be adding a third shot to the regimen to see if it could coax a more robust antibody response. The company expects new results in early April.  Adding a third shot is the most practical option for Pfizer. First, the company won’t have to start an entirely new trial with new participants at a different dose. Second, the company can reduce the risk of increasing side effects by not increasing the dose. Pfizer is using a 3 μg dose in each shot because in early-phase trials, a larger 10 μg dose caused high fevers in many of the children, an outcome that was minimized with the smaller dose.  Moderna, on the other hand is testing two larger doses, 25 μg, four weeks apart. Data is expected this month.  Are there any vaccine safety issues or side effects unique to children? Kids tend to fare better than adults if they get sick with Covid-19, but there is one long-term outcome unique to these younger patients: multisystem inflammatory syndrome in children (MIS-C), a dangerous condition that can cause a variety of symptoms from dizziness and vomiting to bloodshot eyes and often leads to hospitalization after a child recovers from Covid.  “We've been monitoring for that very closely,” says Creech. “And thankfully, we have not seen that side effect occur outside of some extraordinary situations which seem to be linked more to a recent infection than to the vaccine.”  The other concern is myocarditis, an inflammation of the heart muscle characterized by shortness of breath, chest pain and the feeling that the heart is beating rapidly. So far about 70 out of every million boys age 12 to 15 and 105 out of every million boys age 16 to 17 experienced myocarditis a week after vaccination. “It is fairly rare that we have seen it,” says Marcos Mestre, a chief medical officer at Niklaus Children’s Hospital in Florida. “And we haven’t really seen many cases at all in the 5 to 11 year age range.”  In a study published in December of adolescents and young adults who experienced myocarditis after Covid vaccination, all patients recovered fully, and most were treated only with non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDS).  Why hasn’t uptake been high for those kids eligible to get the vaccine? Since Pfizer’s vaccine was authorized for teens and kids five and over, the number of kids getting vaccinated has fallen far below healthcare experts’ hopes and expectations. By March 16, only 60 percent of 12 to 17 year olds and 27 percent of 5 to 11 year olds had been fully vaccinated.  There are several reasons why parents may be hesitant to vaccinate their kids, which Rathore calls “a shame.”  The first is that the disease is less likely to be severe in children than it is in adults. “If you look at rates of immunization, they seem to track with how severe the illness often is in that population. We've done a fantastic job of vaccinating the over 65 population, because the mortality was rightly seen as quite high and as individuals, the younger you get, maybe there's less of a recognition that there can be significant consequences to the disease,” says Creech.  “It's true that children don't often get as sick as adults do. But they do get sick,” says Rathore.  And “they can get the dreaded MIS-C still.”  Another factor is that by the time the vaccines for younger patients were approved, many children may have been infected and recovered. “With some rationale, which I don't disagree with, they said, ‘Well, I'm protected for a certain period of time,’” says Mestre, so they might delay vaccination.  Lastly, mixed messaging has left some parents concerned and confused. On March 8, the Florida surgeon general announced that the state would not be recommending the vaccines for healthy children. In response to the announcement, Rathore, who practices in Florida, says “Most pediatricians and other physicians, the American Academy of Pediatrics, CDC, WHO and almost all other credible organizations recommend that children five years and older be vaccinated with Covid vaccine to protect them. I am in agreement with this position that all eligible children should be vaccinated with Covid vaccine to protect our children.”  What should parents with children under 5 do now? Rathore wants to assure parents that the delay has nothing to do with safety. “There’s no question about safety,” he says. “No parents should have that concern. The only thing we’re trying to make sure is that children are given an effective dose on an effective schedule.”  In the meantime, Mestre says that, “I understand as a parent myself the anxiety that’s caused by having the Covid infection,” says Mestre. “I would tell them to make sure everybody else in the household that’s eligible to be vaccinated receive the vaccine. . . to decrease the risk to that younger child,” while continuing to use other mitigation measures like masking and distancing.

Submission based on real-world safety and efficacy data from Israel  •    Data showed rates of confirmed infections were 2 times lower and rates of severe illness were 4 times lower among individuals who received an additional booster dose of Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine compared to individuals who received only an initial booster  NEW YORK and MAINZ, GERMANY, MARCH 15, 2022 — Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) and BioNTech SE (Nasdaq: BNTX) today announced the companies have submitted an application to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) of an additional booster dose for adults 65 years of age and older who have received an initial booster of any of the authorized or approved COVID-19 vaccines. The submission is based on two real-world data sets from Israel analyzed at a time when the Omicron variant was widely circulating. These data showed evidence that an additional mRNA booster increases immunogenicity and lowers rates of confirmed infections and severe illness.   An analysis of Israeli Ministry of Health records was conducted for over 1.1 million adults 60 years of age and older who had no known history of SARS-CoV-2 infection and were eligible for an additional (fourth dose) booster. These data showed rates of confirmed infections were 2 times lower and rates of severe illness were 4 times lower among individuals who received an additional booster dose of the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine administered at least four months after an initial booster (third) dose compared to those who received only one booster dose.  Also included in the submission are results from an ongoing, open-label, non-randomized clinical trial in healthcare workers 18 years of age and older at a single study center in Israel who had been vaccinated with three doses of the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine. Among the 154 (out of 700) participants who received an additional booster (fourth) dose of the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine at least four months following the initial booster, neutralizing antibody titers increased approximately 7-fold to 8-fold at two and three weeks after the additional booster (fourth) dose compared to five months after the initial booster (third) dose. Additionally, there was an 8-fold and 10-fold increase in neutralizing antibody titers against the Omicron variant (B.1.1.529) at one and two weeks after the additional booster dose, respectively, compared to five months after the initial booster. The study also revealed no new safety concerns in individuals who received an additional booster dose of the vaccine.  Emerging evidence, including data from Kaiser Permanente Southern California (KPSC), suggests that effectiveness against both symptomatic COVID-19 1,2,3,4,5  and severe disease1,5 caused by Omicron wanes 3 to 6 months after receipt of an initial booster (third) dose. Thus, additional booster doses may be needed to ensure individuals remain adequately protected. The data being reviewed by the FDA from Israel suggest that  an additional booster dose of the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine administered at least 4 months after an initial booster dose could restore antibody titers to peak post-third dose titer levels, 7 improve protection against both infection and severe disease in individuals 60 years of age and older in Israel,7 and have a similar safety profile to that of previous doses.6  The data from KPSC were provided to the FDA as an example of waning of the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine, but have not been reviewed by the agency.   The Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine is currently authorized as a single booster dose administered at least five months after completion of a primary series of the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine or COMIRNATY® (COVID-19 Vaccine, mRNA) to individuals 12 years of age and older. A single booster dose can also be administered to individuals 18 years of age and older who have completed primary vaccination with another authorized or approved COVID-19 Vaccine. Clinical and real-world data continue to show that people who are vaccinated, particularly those who have received a booster, maintain a high level of protection, particularly against severe disease and hospitalization. The companies remain vigilant and continue to collect data to explore new vaccine approaches and regimens to reduce the risk of infection and the risk of severe COVID-19 disease.  The Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine, which is based on BioNTech’s proprietary mRNA technology, was developed by both BioNTech and Pfizer. BioNTech is the Marketing Authorization Holder in the United States, the European Union, the United Kingdom, Canada and the holder of emergency use authorizations or equivalents in the United States (jointly with Pfizer) and other countries. Submissions to pursue regulatory approvals in those countries where emergency use authorizations or equivalent were initially granted are planned.  U.S. Indication & Authorized Use  HOW IS THE VACCINE GIVEN?  The vaccine will be given as an injection into the muscle.  Primary Series:  In individuals 5 years of age and older, the vaccine is administered as a 2-dose series, 3 weeks apart. In individuals 5 years of age and older, a third primary series dose may be administered at least 28 days after the second dose to individuals who are determined to have certain kinds of immunocompromise.  Booster Dose:  •    A single booster dose of the vaccine may be administered at least 5 months after completion of a primary series of the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine or COMIRNATY® (COVID-19 Vaccine, mRNA) to individuals 12 years of age and older •    A single booster dose of the vaccine may be administered to individuals 18 years of age and older who have completed primary vaccination with another authorized or approved COVID-19 vaccine. Individuals should check with their healthcare provider regarding timing of the booster dose  WHAT IS THE INDICATION AND AUTHORIZED USE?   The Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine has received EUA from FDA to provide:  •    a 2-dose primary series to individuals 5 years of age and older •    a third primary series dose to individuals 5 years of age and older who have been determined to have certain kinds of immunocompromise •    a single booster dose to individuals 12 years of age and older who have completed a primary series with Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine or COMIRNATY® (COVID-19 Vaccine, mRNA) •    a single booster dose to individuals 18 years of age and older who have completed primary vaccination with another authorized or approved COVID-19 vaccine. The booster schedule is based on the labeling information of the vaccine used for the primary series  COMIRNATY® (COVID-19 Vaccine, mRNA) is an FDA-approved COVID-19 vaccine made by Pfizer for BioNTech. •    It is approved as a 2-dose series for prevention of COVID-19 in individuals 16 years of age and older •    It is also authorized under EUA to provide: o    a 2-dose primary series to individuals 12 through 15 years of age o    a third primary series dose to individuals 12 years of age and older who have been determined to have certain kinds of immunocompromise o    a single booster dose to individuals 12 years of age and older who have completed a primary series with Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine or COMIRNATY® (COVID-19 Vaccine, mRNA) a single booster dose to individuals 18 years of age and older who have completed primary vaccination with another authorized or approved COVID-19 vaccine. The booster schedule is based on the labeling information of the vaccine used for the primary series  EUA Statement  Emergency uses of the vaccine have not been approved or licensed by FDA, but have been authorized by FDA, under an Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) to prevent Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) in individuals 5 years of age and older. The emergency uses are only authorized for the duration of the declaration that circumstances exist justifying the authorization of emergency use of the medical product under Section 564(b)(1) of the FD&C Act unless the declaration is terminated, or authorization revoked sooner. Please see EUA Fact Sheet at www.cvdvaccine-us.com.   IMPORTANT SAFETY INFORMATION   Individuals should not get the vaccine if they: •    had a severe allergic reaction after a previous dose of this vaccine •    had a severe allergic reaction to any ingredient of this vaccine  Individuals should tell the vaccination provider about all of their medical conditions, including if they: •    have any allergies •    have had myocarditis (inflammation of the heart muscle) or pericarditis (inflammation of the lining outside the heart) •    have a fever •    have a bleeding disorder or are on a blood thinner •    are immunocompromised or are on a medicine that affects the immune system •    are pregnant, plan to become pregnant, or are breastfeeding •    have received another COVID-19 vaccine •    Have ever fainted in association with an injection  The vaccine may not protect everyone.   Side effects reported with the vaccine include: •    There is a remote chance that the vaccine could cause a severe allergic reaction o    A severe allergic reaction would usually occur within a few minutes to 1 hour after getting a dose of the vaccine. For this reason, vaccination providers may ask individuals to stay at the place where they received the vaccine for monitoring after vaccination o    Signs of a severe allergic reaction can include difficulty breathing, swelling of the face and throat, a fast heartbeat, a bad rash all over the body, dizziness, and weakness o    If an individual experiences a severe allergic reaction, they should call 9-1-1 or go to the nearest hospital  •    Myocarditis (inflammation of the heart muscle) and pericarditis (inflammation of the lining outside the heart) have occurred in some people who have received the vaccine, more commonly in males under 40 years of age than among females and older males. In most of these people, symptoms began within a few days following receipt of the second dose of the vaccine. The chance of having this occur is very low. Individuals should seek medical attention right away if they have any of the following symptoms after receiving the vaccine: o    chest pain o    shortness of breath o    feelings of having a fast-beating, fluttering, or pounding heart  •    Additional side effects that have been reported with the vaccine include: o    severe allergic reactions; non-severe allergic reactions such as rash, itching, hives, or swelling of the face; myocarditis (inflammation of the heart muscle); pericarditis (inflammation of the lining outside the heart); injection site pain; tiredness; headache; muscle pain; chills; joint pain; fever; injection site swelling; injection site redness; nausea; feeling unwell; swollen lymph nodes (lymphadenopathy); decreased appetite; diarrhea; vomiting; arm pain; fainting in association with injection of the vaccine  •    These may not be all the possible side effects of the vaccine. Serious and unexpected side effects may occur. The possible side effects of the vaccine are still being studied in clinical trials. Call the vaccination provider or healthcare provider about bothersome side effects or side effects that do not go away   Data on administration of this vaccine at the same time as other vaccines have not yet been submitted to FDA. Individuals considering receiving this vaccine with other vaccines should discuss their options with their healthcare provider.   Patients should always ask their healthcare providers for medical advice about adverse events. Individuals are encouraged to report negative side effects of vaccines to the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Visit https://www.vaers.hhs.gov or call 1‐800‐ 822‐7967. In addition, side effects can be reported to Pfizer Inc. at www.pfizersafetyreporting.com or by calling 1-800-438-1985.   Click for  Fact Sheets and Prescribing Information for individuals 12 years of age and older  Full Prescribing Information (16 years of age and older) DILUTE BEFORE USE, purple cap Full Prescribing Information (16 years of age and older) DO NOT DILUTE, gray cap EUA Fact Sheet for Vaccination Providers (12 years of age and older), Purple Cap EUA Fact Sheet for Vaccination Providers (12 years of age and older), Gray Cap Recipients and Caregivers Fact Sheet (12 years of age and older) Fact Sheets for individuals 5 through 11 years of age EUA Fact Sheet for Vaccination Providers (5 through 11 years of age), Orange Cap Recipients and Caregivers Fact Sheet (5 through 11 years of age)  About Pfizer: Breakthroughs That Change Patients’ Lives At Pfizer, we apply science and our global resources to bring therapies to people that extend and significantly improve their lives. We strive to set the standard for quality, safety and value in the discovery, development and manufacture of health care products, including innovative medicines and vaccines. Every day, Pfizer colleagues work across developed and emerging markets to advance wellness, prevention, treatments and cures that challenge the most feared diseases of our time. Consistent with our responsibility as one of the world's premier innovative biopharmaceutical companies, we collaborate with health care providers, governments and local communities to support and expand access to reliable, affordable health care around the world. For more than 170 years, we have worked to make a difference for all who rely on us. We routinely post information that may be important to investors on our website at www.Pfizer.com. In addition, to learn more, please visit us on www.Pfizer.com and follow us on Twitter at @Pfizer and @Pfizer News, LinkedIn, YouTube and like us on Facebook at Facebook.com/Pfizer.  Pfizer Disclosure Notice The information contained in this release is as of March 15, 2022. Pfizer assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements contained in this release as the result of new information or future events or developments.  This release contains forward-looking information about Pfizer’s efforts to combat COVID-19, the collaboration between BioNTech and Pfizer to develop a COVID-19 vaccine, the BNT162b2 mRNA vaccine program, and the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 Vaccine, also known as COMIRNATY (COVID-19 Vaccine, mRNA) (BNT162b2) (including an application submitted to the FDA for EUA of a potential additional booster dose for older adults who have received an initial booster of any of the authorized or approved COVID-19 vaccines, qualitative assessments of available data, potential benefits, expectations for clinical trials, potential regulatory submissions, the anticipated timing of data readouts, regulatory submissions, regulatory approvals or authorizations and anticipated manufacturing, distribution and supply) involving substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. Risks and uncertainties include, among other things, the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including the ability to meet anticipated clinical endpoints, commencement and/or completion dates for clinical trials, regulatory submission dates, regulatory approval dates and/or launch dates, as well as risks associated with preclinical and clinical data (including Phase 1/2/3 or Phase 4 data) for BNT162b2 or any other vaccine candidate in the BNT162 program in any of our studies in pediatrics, adolescents or adults or real world evidence, including the possibility of unfavorable new preclinical, clinical or safety data and further analyses of existing preclinical, clinical or safety data; the ability to produce comparable clinical or other results, including the rate of vaccine effectiveness and safety and tolerability profile observed to date, in additional analyses of the Phase 3 trial and additional studies, in real world data studies or in larger, more diverse populations following commercialization; the ability of BNT162b2 or any future vaccine to prevent COVID-19 caused by emerging virus variants; the risk that more widespread use of the vaccine will lead to new information about efficacy, safety, or other developments, including the risk of additional adverse reactions, some of which may be serious; the risk that preclinical and clinical trial data are subject to differing interpretations and assessments, including during the peer review/publication process, in the scientific community generally, and by regulatory authorities; whether and when additional data from the BNT162 mRNA vaccine program will be published in scientific journal publications and, if so, when and with what modifications and interpretations; whether regulatory authorities will be satisfied with the design of and results from these and any future preclinical and clinical studies; whether and when submissions to request emergency use or conditional marketing authorizations for BNT162b2 in additional populations, for a potential booster dose, for BNT162b2 or any potential future vaccines (including potential future annual boosters or re-vaccinations) and/or other biologics license and/or emergency use authorization applications or amendments to any such applications may be filed in particular jurisdictions for BNT162b2 or any other potential vaccines that may arise from the BNT162 program, including a potential variant based, higher dose, or bivalent vaccine, and if obtained, whether or when such emergency use authorizations or licenses will expire or terminate; whether and when any applications that may be pending or filed for BNT162b2 (including the submission to the FDA for EUA of a potential additional booster dose for older adults who have received an initial booster of any of the authorized or approved COVID-19 vaccines and any requested amendments to the emergency use or conditional marketing authorizations) or other vaccines that may result from the BNT162 program may be approved by particular regulatory authorities, which will depend on myriad factors, including making a determination as to whether the vaccine’s benefits outweigh its known risks and determination of the vaccine’s efficacy and, if approved, whether it will be commercially successful; decisions by regulatory authorities impacting labeling or marketing, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of a vaccine, including development of products or therapies by other companies; disruptions in the relationships between us and our collaboration partners, clinical trial sites or third-party suppliers; the risk that demand for any products may be reduced or no longer exist; risks related to the availability of raw materials to manufacture a vaccine; challenges related to our vaccine’s formulation, dosing schedule and attendant storage, distribution and administration requirements, including risks related to storage and handling after delivery by Pfizer; the risk that we may not be able to successfully develop other vaccine formulations, booster doses or potential future annual boosters or re-vaccinations or new variant based vaccines; the risk that we may not be able to maintain or scale up manufacturing capacity on a timely basis or maintain access to logistics or supply channels commensurate with global demand for our vaccine, which would negatively impact our ability to supply the estimated numbers of doses of our vaccine within the projected time periods as previously indicated; whether and when additional supply agreements will be reached; uncertainties regarding the ability to obtain recommendations from vaccine advisory or technical committees and other public health authorities and uncertainties regarding the commercial impact of any such recommendations; challenges related to public vaccine confidence or awareness; uncertainties regarding the impact of COVID-19 on Pfizer’s business, operations and financial results; and competitive developments.  A further description of risks and uncertainties can be found in Pfizer’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 and in its subsequent reports on Form 10-Q, including in the sections thereof captioned “Risk Factors” and “Forward-Looking Information and Factors That May Affect Future Results”, as well as in its subsequent reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and available at www.sec.gov and www.pfizer.com.  About BioNTech Biopharmaceutical New Technologies is a next generation immunotherapy company pioneering novel therapies for cancer and other serious diseases. The Company exploits a wide array of computational discovery and therapeutic drug platforms for the rapid development of novel biopharmaceuticals. Its broad portfolio of oncology product candidates includes individualized and off-the-shelf mRNA-based therapies, innovative chimeric antigen receptor T cells, bi-specific checkpoint immuno-modulators, targeted cancer antibodies and small molecules. Based on its deep expertise in mRNA vaccine development and in-house manufacturing capabilities, BioNTech and its collaborators are developing multiple mRNA vaccine candidates for a range of infectious diseases alongside its diverse oncology pipeline. BioNTech has established a broad set of relationships with multiple global pharmaceutical collaborators, including Genmab, Sanofi, Bayer Animal Health, Genentech, a member of the Roche Group, Regeneron, Genevant, Fosun Pharma, and Pfizer. For more information, please visit www.BioNTech.de.  BioNTech Forward-looking Statements This press release contains “forward-looking statements” of BioNTech within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements may include, but may not be limited to, statements concerning: BioNTech’s efforts to combat COVID-19; the collaboration between BioNTech and Pfizer including the program to develop a COVID-19 vaccine and COMIRNATY (COVID-19 vaccine, mRNA) (BNT162b2) (including an application submitted to the FDA for an EUA of a potential additional booster (fourth) dose for individuals 65 years of age and older and any requested amendments to the emergency use or conditional marketing authorizations,, qualitative assessments of available data, potential benefits, expectations for clinical trials, the anticipated timing of regulatory submissions, regulatory approvals or authorizations and anticipated manufacturing, distribution and supply); our expectations regarding the potential characteristics of BNT162b2 in our clinical trials, real world data studies, and/or in commercial use based on data observations to date; the ability of BNT162b2 or a future vaccine to prevent COVID-19 caused by emerging virus variants; the expected time point for additional readouts on efficacy data of BNT162b2 in our clinical trials; the nature of the clinical data, which is subject to ongoing peer review, regulatory review and market interpretation; the timing for submission of data for BNT162, or any future vaccine, in additional populations, or receipt of, any marketing approval or emergency use authorization or equivalent, including or amendments or variations to such authorizations; the development of other vaccine formulations, booster doses or potential future annual boosters or re-vaccinations or new variant based vaccines; our contemplated shipping and storage plan, including our estimated product shelf life at various temperatures; the ability of BioNTech to supply the quantities of BNT162 to support clinical development and market demand, including our production estimates for 2022; challenges related to public vaccine confidence or awareness; decisions by regulatory authorities impacting labeling or marketing, manufacturing processes, safety and/or other matters that could affect the availability or commercial potential of a vaccine, including development of products or therapies by other companies; disruptions in the relationships between us and our collaboration partners, clinical trial sites or third-party suppliers; the risk that demand for any products may be reduced or no longer exist; the availability of raw material to manufacture BNT162 or other vaccine formulation; challenges related to our vaccine’s formulation, dosing schedule and attendant storage, distribution and administration requirements, including risks related to storage and handling after delivery; and uncertainties regarding the impact of COVID-19 on BioNTech’s trials, business and general operations. Any forward-looking statements in this press release are based on BioNTech current expectations and beliefs of future events and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those set forth in or implied by such forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: the ability to meet the pre-defined endpoints in clinical trials; competition to create a vaccine for COVID-19; the ability to produce comparable clinical or other results, including our stated rate of vaccine effectiveness and safety and tolerability profile observed to date, in the remainder of the trial or in larger, more diverse populations upon commercialization; the ability to effectively scale our productions capabilities; and other potential difficulties.  For a discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties, see BioNTech’s Annual Report as Form 20-F for the Year Ended December 31, 2020, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2021, which is available on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. All information in this press release is as of the date of the release, and BioNTech undertakes no duty to update this information unless required by law.

The world is in the midst of a COVID-19 pandemic. As WHO and partners work together on the response -- tracking the pandemic, advising on critical interventions, distributing vital medical supplies to those in need--- they are racing to develop and deploy safe and effective vaccines.   Vaccines save millions of lives each year. Vaccines work by training and preparing the body’s natural defences – the immune system – to recognize and fight off the viruses and bacteria they target. After vaccination, if the body is later exposed to those disease-causing germs, the body is immediately ready to destroy them, preventing illness.  There are several safe and effective vaccines that prevent people from getting seriously ill or dying from COVID-19. This is one part of managing COVID-19, in addition to the main preventive measures of keeping a safe distance from others and avoiding crowds, wearing a well-fitting mask covering your mouth and nose, keeping indoor spaces well ventilated, cleaning hands regularly and covering coughs and sneezes.  As of 12 January 2022, WHO has evaluated that the following vaccines against COVID-19 have met the necessary criteria for safety and efficacy:  AstraZeneca/Oxford vaccine Johnson and Johnson Moderna Pfizer/BionTech Sinopharm Sinovac COVAXIN Covovax Nuvaxovid    Read our Q&A on the Emergency Use Listing process to find out more about how WHO assesses the quality, safety and efficacy of COVID-19 vaccines.  Some national regulators have also assessed other COVID-19 vaccine products for use in their countries.  Take whatever vaccine is made available to you first, even if you have already had COVID-19. It is important to be vaccinated as soon as possible once it’s your turn and not wait. Approved COVID-19 vaccines provide a high degree of protection against getting seriously ill and dying from the disease, although no vaccine is 100% protective.  WHO SHOULD GET VACCINATED  All COVID-19 vaccines with WHO EUL are safe for most people 18 years and older, including those with pre-existing conditions of any kind, including auto-immune disorders. These conditions include: hypertension, diabetes, asthma, pulmonary, liver and kidney disease, as well as chronic infections that are stable and controlled.  If supplies are limited in your area, discuss your situation with your care provider if you:  Have a compromised immune system Are pregnant (if you are already breastfeeding, you should continue after vaccination) Have a history of severe allergies, particularly to a vaccine (or any of the ingredients in the vaccine) Are severely frail   WHO's Strategic Advisory Group of Experts (SAGE) has concluded that the Pfizer vaccine is safe to be used for those aged 5 and above, and the Moderna vaccine can be used for those aged 12 and above. A smaller dosage is required for children than for adults. Children and adolescent who are at high-risk of severe COVID-19 may be offered these vaccines alongside other priority groups for vaccination.  Children and adolescents tend to have milder disease compared to adults, so unless they are part of a group at higher risk of severe COVID-19, the priority should be to fully vaccinate older people, those with chronic health conditions and health workers.     Vaccine trials for children are ongoing and WHO will update its recommendations when the evidence or epidemiological situation warrants a change in policy.     Also see: Interim statement on COVID-19 vaccination for children and adolescents (24 Nov 2021)  It's important for children to continue to have the recommended childhood vaccines. WHAT SHOULD I DO AND EXPECT AFTER GETTING VACCINATED  Stay at the place where you get vaccinated for at least 15 minutes afterwards, just in case you have an unusual reaction, so health workers can help you.   Check when you should come in for a second dose – if needed. Most of the vaccines available are two-dose vaccines. Check with your care provider whether you need to get a second dose and when you should get it. Second doses help boost the immune response and strengthen immunity.  In most cases, minor side effects are normal. Common side effects after vaccination, which indicate that a person's body is building protection to COVID-19 infection include:  Arm soreness Mild fever Tiredness Headaches Muscle or joint aches   Contact your care provider if there is redness or tenderness (pain) where you got the shot that increases after 24 hours, or if side effects do not go away after a few days.  More serious or long-lasting side effects to COVID-19 vaccines are possible but extremely rare. If you experience difficulty breathing, chest pain, confusion, loss of speech or mobility after your vaccine, contact your healthcare provider immediately. Vaccines are continually monitored for as long as they are in use to detect and respond to rare adverse events.  You should not get vaccinated if you have a history of severe allergic reactions/anaphylaxis to any of the ingredients of the COVID-19 vaccine, or if you have an allergic reaction to your first dose.   Most side effects go away within a few days on their own. You can manage any side effects with rest, plenty of non-alcoholic liquids and taking medication to manage pain and fever, if needed. We do not recommend taking medication for pain before being vaccinated, as we don’t know how this will affect how well the vaccine works.  Even after you’re vaccinated, keep taking precautions  Continue to take actions to slow and eventually stop the spread of the virus, even after you have been vaccinated:  Keep a safe distance from others and avoid crowds Wear a well-fitting mask covering your mouth and nose When indoors with others, ensure good ventilation, such as by opening a window Clean your hands frequently Cover any cough or sneeze in your bent elbow

The speed of development of COVID-19 vaccines was surprising to many, including researchers themselves: Vaccine development often takes a decade or more, but there were a number of factors this time around that made it move at lightning speed. Political commitment and money were no object for countries wanting to control the pandemic as soon as possible. Combined with some of the best scientific minds in the world working towards one common goal, this resulted in an extraordinary level of collaboration and cooperation across borders and between institutions.  It’s important to note that the overwhelming majority of people have mild side effects that are very common for most vaccines – fever, chills, muscle ache, fatigue – which are all signs your immune system is being primed for the real thing. Despite this pace, none of the processes – from finding potential vaccine candidates to getting the vaccine into people’s arms – compromised rigorous safety protocols.   A candidate vaccine goes through several stages before it can be given to people – from the exploratory science, to the pre-clinical testing (often in animals), clinical development (including three phases of human trials), and finally regulatory review and approval, manufacturing and quality control.  Normally, the various clinical trial phases would occur sequentially, with phase 2 following after phase 1, and so on), because of the risk of losing money if a vaccine doesn’t make the cut of the previous round. But given the global urgency for a COVID-19 vaccine, developers took the financial risk and conducted some of these trials in parallel. Similarly, regulatory authorities who would normally have competing priorities that slowed down approval, cleared their desks in order to review COVID-19 vaccine data in record time.  DELIVERING THE VACCINE Once a vaccine has passed clinical trials and been approved for use, the next stage involves getting doses out to countries, where the focus on safety continues. Enormous efforts have been put into investing in cold chain equipment and stock management to ensure that vaccines are kept at the right temperature the whole way through the distribution chain. If they’re not, they have to be discarded.  SAFETY IN REAL-WORLD STUDIES Given some of the news headlines this year associating certain COVID-19 vaccines with blood clots and myocarditis (inflammation of the heart), some people may have understandable concerns about side effects. It’s important to note that the overwhelming majority of people have mild side effects that are very common for most vaccines – fever, chills, muscle ache, fatigue – and all signs that your immune system is being primed for the real thing.  The European Medicines Agency concluded earlier this year that blood clots are a very rare side effect of the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine, affecting four or five people in every one million who receive it. As with all risk, it’s important to put this in perspective – even common everyday medications such as paracetamol can have extremely rare side effects that affect our white blood cells. Also, it’s worth noting that the risk of a serious brain clot associated with COVID-19 infection is ten times higher than the risk of blood clots among people taking the vaccine.  After COVID-19 vaccines were given emergency use authorisation, scientists continue to record side effects and how well the vaccines prevent infection and transmission. Reassuringly, the vaccines’ effectiveness has held up outside of the idealised trial conditions, as has their safety..  The most recent real-world study showing the safety of COVID-19 vaccines was published in late August 2021 in the New England Journal of Medicine. The study, in collaboration with Harvard University, looked at data from more than two million people in Israel, and concluded that serious side effects were very uncommon. Myocarditis, the most serious one, was seen in around 2.7 cases per 100,000 people with the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine, but this is far outweighed by the massively increased risks associated with COVID-19 infection, including heart arrhythmias (abnormalities of the heart's rhythm), heart attacks, strokes, pulmonary embolism, deep-vein thrombosis and acute kidney damage.  Health agencies around the world will continue to monitor vaccine safety for many months to come, both through ongoing analysis of information collected by health data systems, and also through active surveillance in countries where digital record-keeping may be inadequate.

Feb. 6—Health experts say COVID-19 vaccinations are key to protecting our community, but many readers have questions.  Our reporters surveyed and spoke to people to identify prevailing concerns, and relayed them to Public Health-Dayton & Montgomery County to get the facts. Those questions and answers are below. Speak to your doctor about whether the vaccine is safe and effective for your family.  Q: If vaccinated people are getting COVID, then it doesn't work, right? Why should I take a vaccine that doesn't work?  Of course some vaccinated people will get COVID because the vaccines are not perfect and not everyone's immune system can respond fully to the vaccine. However, for nearly everyone else, the vaccines are protective against COVID infection.  All currently approved or authorized COVID-19 vaccines are safe and effective and reduce your risk of severe illness and death. Vaccination can reduce the spread of disease, which helps protect those who get vaccinated and the people around them. Vaccine effectiveness against hospitalizations has remained high, although it tends to be slightly lower for older adults and for people with weakened immune systems.  Area hospital officials say nearly nine out of 10 of those hospitalized in intensive care units for COVID-19 in the most recent surge and nearly five out of six of the over 370 people who died were unvaccinated.  Q: How many people have been injured or died from the vaccine?  The longstanding Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System is being used to track possible COVID-19 side effects. In addition, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has a proactive system for investigating these side effects, as well as the voluntary V-safe self-reporting system. These monitoring systems are so sensitive that they have identified rare side effects that occur with only a few cases out of a million vaccines.  Serious adverse events after COVID-19 vaccination are rare but might occur. For example, anaphylaxis after COVID-19 vaccination is rare and has occurred in approximately 5 people per 1 million vaccinated in the United States.  The standards for safety for COVID vaccines are rigorous and high. For example, the rare occurrence of side effects with the Johnson & Johnson vaccine (such as thrombosis reported in 57 cases out of 18 million J&J doses administered) contributed to the CDC updating its recommendation to prefer Pfizer or Moderna shots over J&J. This further demonstrates that the threshold for safety is high.  The risk of illness, death or long-haul symptoms if an unvaccinated person contracts COVID-19 are much higher than any rare risks of the vaccine.  Q: Was the vaccine rushed? Why did it come out so fast?  While COVID-19 vaccines were developed rapidly, all steps were taken to make sure they are safe and effective:  Scientists have been working for many years to develop vaccines against viruses like the one that causes COVID-19. This knowledge helped speed up the initial development of the current COVID-19 vaccines. All vaccines in the United States must go through three phases of clinical trials to make sure they are safe and effective. During the development of COVID-19 vaccines, phases overlapped to speed up the process, but all phases were completed.  Before vaccines are available, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration assesses the findings from clinical trials. The FDA determined that three COVID-19 vaccines met FDA's safety and effectiveness standards and granted those vaccines Emergency Use Authorizations. This allowed the vaccines to be quickly distributed to control the pandemic. Before recommending COVID-19 vaccination for children, scientists conducted clinical trials.  The FDA gave the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine emergency authorization to use in children 5 to 15 and full approval to use in those 16 and older. This week, the FDA gave the Moderna vaccine full approval for individuals 18 and older.  COVID-19 vaccine safety monitoring has been the most intense and comprehensive in U.S. history. Over 540 million vaccine doses have been administered nationwide.. Through several monitoring systems, CDC and FDA continue to provide updated information on the safety of these vaccines.  Q: Are the COVID-19 deaths inflated? Aren't those people really dying from something else and officials are just saying it was COVID?  COVID deaths include all the people who would still be alive if they had not caught COVID at the point in time. People with preexisting conditions (such as high blood pressure, heart and vascular disease and diabetes) are more likely to have worse disease and worse outcomes with any respiratory infections. In COVID deaths, whatever the underlying conditions, it is the COVID infection that tips the balance and causes the deaths.

Yes. The two mRNA vaccines, Pfizer and Moderna, authorized by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and recommended by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), are very safe and very good at preventing serious or fatal cases of COVID-19. The risk of serious side effects associated with these vaccines is very small.  Lisa Maragakis, M.D., M.P.H., senior director of infection prevention, and Gabor Kelen, M.D., director of the Johns Hopkins Office of Critical Event Preparedness and Response, answer questions about the safety of the COVID-19 vaccines.  COVID-19 Vaccine Safety — What We Know The Pfizer and Moderna vaccines are strongly recommended as safe and effective at preventing serious illness or death from COVID-19. From December 2020 to December 2021, about 470 million doses of COVID-19 vaccine have been given in the U.S. Roughly 12 months of data, including data from tens of thousands of participants in clinical trials, show that the vaccines are safe and effective at preventing serious disease or death due to COVID-19. Additional shots and boosters are also authorized for those who meet the guidelines. mRNA technology used in the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines has been in development for over 15 years. The Pfizer and Moderna vaccines received full FDA approval, which means more data show how well that particular vaccine works. Due to potential blood clots following administration of the Johnson & Johnson vaccine, the CDC updated its recommendations in December 2021. The CDC noted that the two mRNA vaccines, from Pfizer and Moderna, are preferred over the Johnson & Johnson vaccine, which remains available for those who prefer it and for use in certain circumstances. Are there risks or safety concerns regarding the COVID vaccines? To help catch risks or safety concerns, the CDC and FDA monitor possible safety issues with the COVID-19 vaccines. This ongoing work has led to revised recommendations for the Johnson & Johnson vaccine and information about rare side effects tied to the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines.  Johnson & Johnson/Janssen. In December 2021, the CDC updated its recommendations and stated that either of the two mRNA vaccines is preferred over the Johnson & Johnson (J&J) COVID-19 vaccine. The CDC explained that the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines are preferred due to a greater risk for developing rare but severe blood clots, called thrombosis with thrombocytopenia syndrome (TTS), following administration of the J&J vaccine. The CDC noted that there are some situations when a J&J vaccine may still be used, if the recipient understands the risks and benefits of the J&J vaccine. Read about side effects related to the rare blood clot. At Johns Hopkins Medicine, we offer Pfizer and Moderna vaccines throughout our vaccine clinics. We have a limited supply of J&J vaccine and only offer it by request and if the recipient clearly understands the risks and benefits.  Pfizer and Moderna. After observing rare occurrences of myocarditis following the second injection of the Pfizer and Moderna COVID-19 vaccines, the CDC released information for the public. Most of these myocarditis events happened in teens and young adults, and the majority of the cases were mild and cleared up on their own. Read about side effects related to myocarditis. This review process continues to monitor vaccine safety. Potential risks of COVID-19 vaccines are reviewed and weighed against the benefits of protection that the vaccines offer as well as the known, serious risk of harm due to COVID-19.  What if I got a J&J vaccine? Should I worry about blood clots? If you received a Johnson & Johnson vaccine more than three weeks ago, you do not need to watch for side effects related to blood clots.  If you received the J&J vaccine within the last three weeks, you should watch for possible symptoms of TTS and get medical help immediately if you have any of the following:  Severe or persistent headaches or blurred vision Shortness of breath Chest pain Leg swelling Persistent abdominal pain Easy bruising or tiny blood spots under the skin near the injection site Is there a risk of an allergic reaction to a COVID vaccine? According to the CDC, anyone who has a severe allergy (e.g., anaphylaxis) to any of the mRNA vaccine ingredients should not receive this vaccine. The CDC says people with allergies to certain foods, insects, latex and other common allergens can safely receive the COVID-19 vaccine. Those with a history of severe allergic reaction (anaphylaxis) to injectables or other vaccines should discuss the vaccination with their doctor, who can evaluate and assess their risk.  The COVID-19 Vaccines: What you need to know | Las vacunas anticovid-19: información imprescindible  How was the COVID-19 vaccine developed so quickly? The relatively quick development of these vaccines does not mean safety measures were skipped. There are several reasons why the COVID-19 vaccines were developed faster than other vaccines:  The technologies used to develop the COVID-19 vaccines have been in development for years to prepare for outbreaks of infectious viruses. The manufacturing processes were ready very early in the COVID-19 pandemic. Countries shared genetic information when it was available about SARS-CoV-2, the coronavirus that causes COVID-19, which gave vaccine developers an early start at finding a vaccine. The testing processes for the vaccines didn’t skip any steps, but the vaccine developers conducted some stages of the process simultaneously to gather as much data as quickly as possible. Governments gave money to vaccine developers in advance, so the companies had resources they needed. Some types of COVID-19 vaccines were created using messenger RNA (mRNA), a new technology that allows a faster approach than the traditional way vaccines are made. Social media enabled companies to reach out to and enroll study volunteers, and plenty of people wanted to help, so there were enough research participants to test the COVID-19 vaccines. Because SARS-CoV-2 is so contagious and widespread, many volunteers who got the vaccines were exposed to the virus, and with so many exposures, it took a shorter time to see if the vaccines worked. Companies began manufacturing vaccines ahead of their authorization or approval so some supplies would be ready if authorization occurred. What steps are taken to help make sure the COVID-19 vaccines are safe? Safety is always a top priority as federal agencies work with vaccine manufacturers and independent scientific organizations to develop, study, authorize and approve new vaccines. Here are some of the steps taken for COVID-19 vaccines, as well as other vaccines:  Careful testing. All vaccines go through clinical trials to test safety and effectiveness. For the COVID-19 vaccine, the FDA set high safety standards for vaccine developers to meet. This graphic from the National Institutes of Health shows the four phases a vaccine goes through before it is released to the public. Authorization for emergency use. If a vaccine or medicine is needed to address an emergency situation such as the COVID-19 pandemic, once it is shown to be safe and effective, the FDA can grant it an emergency use authorization (EUA). An EUA allows a vaccine, treatment or medication to be used before the formal FDA approval. Continuous monitoring for problems and side effects. Once a vaccine gets an EUA and is being given to people, the FDA and the CDC continue to watch carefully in case problems arise. Data on the vaccine’s safety record accumulates over time, as more and more people who receive it report on their experience and any side effects. One important way to report adverse events after vaccination is through the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System. Learn more from the CDC about the safety steps for the COVID-19 vaccine.  Demographics of the COVID-19 Vaccine Trials  Do I still have to wear a mask if I get a vaccine? The CDC continues to monitor the spread of COVID-19 and makes recommendations for wearing face masks, both for those who are fully vaccinated as well as people who are not fully vaccinated.  The CDC also recommends that masks and physical distancing be required when going to a doctor’s office, hospital or long-term care facility, including all Johns Hopkins hospitals, care centers and offices.  Johns Hopkins Medicine’s mask safety guidelines have not changed, and we still require everyone to wear masks inside all of our facilities.  Can I get COVID-19 from the vaccine? You cannot and will not get COVID-19 from any of the vaccines. The COVID-19 vaccines do not have any virus or other infectious material in them.  What about the safety of COVID-19 vaccination for diverse groups of people?  The FDA and other reviewers closely consider diverse populations and include them in the trials. The clinical trials for the first two COVID-19 vaccines included members of underrepresented minorities and older age groups, and people with conditions such as obesity, diabetes, and heart and respiratory conditions.  Does Johns Hopkins Medicine recommend that I get a COVID-19 vaccine? Yes, we recommend that everyone who is eligible get vaccinated with one of the currently authorized mRNA COVID-19 vaccines: Pfizer or Moderna. We view both as highly effective in preventing serious disease, hospitalization and death from COVID-19 (including disease caused by the very contagious delta and omicron variants of the coronavirus), and we believe that their benefits outweigh their risks.  At Johns Hopkins Medicine, we offer Pfizer and Moderna vaccines throughout our vaccine clinics. We have a limited supply of J&J vaccine and only offer it by request and if the recipient clearly understands the risks and benefits.

In his nearly 30 years studying vaccines, Paul Goepfert, M.D., director of the Alabama Vaccine Research Clinic at the University of Alabama at Birmingham, has never seen any vaccine as effective as the three COVID vaccines — from Pfizer, Moderna, and Johnson & Johnson — currently available in the United States.   “A 90 percent decrease in risk of infections, and 94 percent effectiveness against hospitalization for the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines is fantastic,” he said.   But what makes vaccine experts such as Goepfert confident that COVID vaccines are safe in the long term? We have all seen billboards and TV infomercials from law firms seeking people harmed by diet drugs or acid-reflux medicines for class-action lawsuits. What makes Goepfert think that scientists would not discover previously unsuspected problems caused by COVID vaccines in the years ahead?   There are several reasons, actually. Vaccines, given in one- or two-shot doses, are very different from medicines that people take every day, potentially for years. And decades of vaccine history — plus data from more than a billion people who have received COVID vaccines starting last December — provide powerful proof that there is little chance that any new dangers will emerge from COVID vaccines.   The majority of Americans who have not been vaccinated — or who say they are hesitant about vaccinating their children — report that safety is their main concern. Nearly a quarter of respondents in Gallup surveys in March and April 2021 said they wanted to confirm the vaccine was safe before getting the shot. And 26 percent of respondents in a survey of parents with children ages 12-15 by the Kaiser Family Foundation in April 2021 said they wanted to “wait a while to see how the vaccine is working” before deciding to get their child vaccinated.   But Goepfert says we already know enough to be confident the COVID vaccines are safe. Here is why, starting with the way vaccines work and continuing through strong evidence from vaccine history and the even stronger evidence from the responses of people who have received COVID-19 vaccines worldwide over the past six months.  Vaccines are eliminated quickly Unlike many medications, which are taken daily, vaccines are generally one-and-done. Medicines you take every day can cause side effects that reveal themselves over time, including long-term problems as levels of the drug build up in the body over months and years.   “Vaccines are just designed to deliver a payload and then are quickly eliminated by the body,” Goepfert said. “This is particularly true of the mRNA vaccines. mRNA degrades incredibly rapidly. You wouldn’t expect any of these vaccines to have any long-term side effects. And in fact, this has never occurred with any vaccine.”  Vaccine side effects show up within weeks if at all That is not to say that there have never been safety issues with vaccines. But in each instance, these have appeared soon after widespread use of the vaccine began.   “The side effects that we see occur early on, and that’s it,” Goepfert said. “In virtually all cases, vaccine side effects are seen within the first two months after rollout.”  From side, Dr. Kierstin Kennedy, MD (Associate Professor, Hospitalist Service) is wearing blue scrubs and a fabric face mask while receiving the COVID-19 (Coronavirus Disease) vaccination from a female healthcare worker wearing scrubs and a PPE face mask and gloves, December 2020.  The only vaccine program that might compare with the scale and speed of the COVID rollout is the original oral polio vaccine in the 1950s. When this vaccine was first introduced in the United States in 1955, it used a weakened form of the polio virus that in very rare cases — about one in 2.4 million recipients — became activated and caused paralysis. (Compare this with the 60,000 children infected with polio in the United States in 1952, and the more than 3,000 children who died from the disease in the United States that year.) Cases of vaccine-induced paralysis occurred between one and four weeks after vaccination. None of the COVID vaccines uses a weakened form of the SARS-CoV-2 virus — all train the body to recognize a piece of the virus known as the spike protein and generate antibodies that can attack the virus in case of a real infection.  In 1976, a vaccine against swine flu that was widely distributed in the United States was identified in rare cases (approximately one in 100,000) as a cause of Guillain-Barré Syndrome, in which the immune system attacks the nerves. Almost all of these cases occurred in the eight weeks after a person received the vaccine. But the flu itself also can cause Guillain-Barré Syndrome; in fact, the syndrome occurs 17 times more frequently after natural flu infection than after vaccination.  COVID vaccine experience over the past six months “By the time the Pfizer and Moderna COVID vaccines were approved for emergency use in the United States in December 2020, we already knew the short-term side effects very well from the efficacy studies,” Goepfert said. “Pfizer and Moderna — and later Johnson & Johnson and then Novavax, which reported on its phase III trial results in June 2021 — all have enrolled 30,000-plus individuals, half of whom got the vaccine and half of whom got a placebo initially, after which all the placebo group got the vaccine.  From side, a Black female healthcare worker is wearing PPE (Personal Protective Equipment) face mask and gloves as she vaccinates a Black male at the UAB COVID-19 Vaccination Site at Parker High School.   The side effects seen in these studies, and again in the nationwide rollouts that began in December 2020, were tolerability issues, Goepfert says, mainly arm pain, fatigue and headache. These are very transient, and occur a day or two days after the vaccine. They then resolve quickly.   As of June 12, 2021, more than 2.33 billion COVID vaccine doses have been administered worldwide, according to the New York Times vaccinations tracker.   Goepfert says that, between December and June, we began to see the more-rare side effects that do not show up until millions of people have gotten the vaccine.    About one in 100,000 people receiving the AstraZeneca COVID vaccine have experienced a clotting disorder known as thrombotic thrombocytopenia, including 79 cases among more than 20 million people receiving this vaccine in the United Kingdom, and 19 deaths. A smaller number of cases have occurred with Johnson & Johnson’s vaccine as well, Goepfert says.   “The causes are still being worked out; but when this happens, it occurs from six days to two weeks after vaccination,” he said. “More recently, an even more rare side effect — myocarditis, or inflammation of the heart muscle — has been reported in people receiving Pfizer and Moderna COVID-19 vaccines. That is about one in a million, or possibly higher rates in some populations; but again, all of these occur no more than a month after the vaccination.”  On July 12, 2021, the FDA announced that in rare cases (100 reports out of 12.8 million shots given in the United States), the J&J vaccine is associated with Guillan-Barré syndrome. The cases were mostly reported two weeks after injection and mostly in men age 50 and older.  Weighing the odds Any risk is frightening, especially for a parent. But the rare side effects identified with COVID vaccines have to be weighed against the known, higher risks from contracting COVID, Goepfert says. It is not clear how COVID variants such as the highly infectious Delta mutation may affect patients. Early indications are that Delta infections bring more severe side effects than other forms of COVID, but that vaccines are still protective against Delta.  It is COVID infection, and the growing evidence of persistent symptoms from what has become known as “long COVID,” that are the most troubling unknown out there, Goepfert says.   “The long-term side effects of COVID infection are a major concern,” Goepfert said. “Up to 10 percent of people who have COVID experience side effects such as difficulty thinking, pain, tiredness, loss of taste and depression. We don’t know why that is, how long these symptoms will last or if there are effective ways to treat them. That is the most troubling unknown for me.”   Even as cases, hospitalizations and deaths have declined significantly in Alabama since January, there are still nearly 250 new COVID cases diagnosed and nearly 10 deaths reported statewide per day as of mid-June   “Many people worry that these vaccines were ‘rushed’ into use and still do not have full FDA approval — they are currently being distributed under Emergency Use Authorizations,” Goepfert said. “But because we have had so many people vaccinated, we actually have far more safety data than we have had for any other vaccine, and these COVID vaccines have an incredible safety track record. There should be confidence in that.”

More than 60% of the world's population - 4.8 billion people - have received at least one dose of coronavirus vaccine.  There are different approved types and brands available and all have undergone rigorous testing and safety checks.  How do we know a vaccine is safe? Safety trials begin in the lab, with tests and research on cells and animals, before moving on to human studies.  The principle is to start small and only move to the next stage of testing if there are no outstanding safety concerns.  When will I get a coronavirus vaccine? What role do trials have? If the safety data from the labs is good, scientists can check the vaccine or treatment is effective.  That means tests on large numbers of volunteers - about 40,000 in the case of Pfizer-BioNTech, the first to be approved in the UK.  Half are given the vaccine and the other half a placebo jab. The researchers and participants are not told which group is which, until after the results, to avoid bias.   Media caption, BBC's Laura Foster explains the order in which the Covid vaccine will be given All of the work and findings are checked and verified independently.  The Covid vaccine trials happened at breakneck speed, but they didn't skip any steps - they were able to move faster because so many people were involved and other projects were put aside.  Who approves vaccines or treatments? Approval is only given if regulators are happy that a vaccine is safe and effective.  Checks continue after approval to make sure there are no further side effects or long-term risks.  In the UK, independent experts on the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation decide how best to use a vaccine and who should get it after approval by the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency.  What is the fast-track approval for vaccines against new variants? Scientists hope to tweak coronavirus vaccines to ensure they continue to offer high protection as new variants of the disease emerge.  The UK's drug regulator says new vaccines can be fast-tracked for approval if needed.  No corners will be cut, with safety paramount.  But lengthy clinical trials with thousands of volunteers will not be needed.  Instead, data from existing studies and ongoing real-world use could be used.  What's in the Covid vaccines? Pfizer-BioNTech's vaccine (and Moderna's) uses bits of genetic code to cause an immune response. These are called mRNA vaccines.  They do not alter human cells, but merely present the body with instructions to build immunity to Covid.  The Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine uses a harmless virus altered to look a lot more like the pandemic virus.  Vaccines sometimes contain other ingredients, like aluminium, that make the vaccine stable or more effective.  Will the vaccine give me side effects? Vaccines do not give you a disease. Instead, they teach your body's immune system to recognise and fight the infection they have been designed to protect against.  Some people do experience mild to moderate symptoms after being vaccinated. This is not the disease itself, but the body's response to the vaccine.  Common reactions that may affect more than one in 10 people and typically get better within days include chills, tiredness and aching muscles.  What about serious reactions? It is rare to find that health problems occurring following a vaccine are actually caused by the vaccine itself. Events may be coincidental and unrelated to vaccination.  The Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine has been linked to very rare cases of blood clots. This is not proof that the vaccine is to blame. Covid infection itself can also make clots more likely and they can occur naturally too.  The chance of this happening to an individual is still extremely low, but as a precaution, younger age groups in the UK have been offered alternative Covid vaccines.  What about allergies? Allergic reactions to vaccines are rare. For any approved vaccine, the ingredients are listed.  There have been serious but treatable allergic reactions in a very small number of people given the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine.  As a precaution, the MHRA says people with a history of significant allergic reactions to any of the ingredients in this vaccine should not currently have this jab.  Be aware that anti-vaccine stories are spread online through social media. These posts are not based on scientific advice (or blend facts with misinformation).  How the vaccines compare? What if I've already had Covid? People will still be offered the jab even if they have had Covid in the past.  That's because natural immunity may not be long-lived and immunisation could offer more protection.  Guidance says there are no safety concerns about giving jabs to people with "long" Covid either. But people who are currently unwell with Covid-19 should not receive the vaccine until they have recovered.  How animal-friendly are vaccines and do they contain alcohol? Some vaccines, such as the shingles vaccine and the children's nasal flu vaccine, can contain pork gelatine.  The Covid vaccines from Pfizer, Moderna and AstraZeneca do not contain this, or any other animal products.  The British Islamic Medical Association says there is negligible alcohol in it - no more than in bread, for example.

One of the reasons some people haven’t signed up to receive the COVID-19 vaccine is that they’re worried there might be unknown side effects that will show up months or years later.  Although it’s true there are still a lot of things we’re learning about the vaccines — like how effective they are against variants and how long their protection lasts — there are plenty of things we do know that give experts confidence in the long-term safety of the vaccines.  History tells us that severe side effects are extremely rare, and if they do occur, they usually happen within the first two months. The most recent example of this phenomenon is the Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccine. The vaccine was put on pause when health officials learned that a small number of people who received the vaccine experienced a serious blood clotting problem.  About 7.4 million Americans had received the Johnson & Johnson vaccine when regulators paused its administration to investigate a handful of cases in which people had blood clots. All of the cases emerged within two weeks of vaccination.  Upon reviewing information about the cases, federal health officials determined that the benefits of the vaccine outweighed the risk, and they approved resumed use of the vaccine.   This is how the system is designed to work if unexpected side effects emerge.  History shows this is a common pattern. When new vaccines are released, the unknown side effects, if any, show up within two months of vaccination. This history goes back to at least the 1960s with the oral polio vaccine and examples continue through today.  Because of this, scientists and public health officials continually monitor vaccine data before, during and after a vaccine becomes available to the public.  COVID-19 vaccine technologies have been studied for years and used in other treatments without issue. mRNA vaccines. The vaccines made by Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech use messenger RNA, or mRNA, to deliver a message to your immune system with instructions on how to fight the coronavirus infection.  Researchers have been studying and working with mRNA vaccines for decades. mRNA vaccines have been studied before for influenza, Zika and rabies. Beyond vaccines, cancer research has used mRNA to trigger the immune system to target specific cancer cells. Learn more about how mRNA vaccines work.  Adenovector vaccines. Viral vector vaccines use a modified version of a different virus (the vector) to deliver instructions that teach cells how to fight the coronavirus infection. In the case of the COVID-19 case, it’s the adenovirus, a common virus that causes colds or flu-like symptoms. However, the adenovirus was modified so it can enter cells but can’t replicate or cause illness.  Scientists began creating viral vectors in the 1970s, and they have been studied for gene therapy and cancer treatment. Some vaccines recently used for Ebola outbreaks have used viral vector technology, and studies have focused on viral vector vaccines against other infectious diseases such as Zika, influenza and HIV. Learn more about how the Johnson & Johnson vaccine works.  The vaccine development process, from clinical trials to ongoing monitoring, helps to uncover and understand side effects. Clinical trials are a key part of vaccine development and involve evaluating use in tens of thousands of study participants. All of the COVID-19 vaccines went through this rigorous process before authorization.  In reviewing results from the trials, the federal Food and Drug Administration must determine that the known and potential benefits outweigh the known and potential risks of the vaccine.   After vaccines are authorized and in use by the public, public health officials continue monitoring the data as an additional safety measure. Manufacturers must have a plan to report follow-up data, including any events such as hospitalizations and deaths, and they must continue research to generate more data on safety and efficacy. Learn more about FDA emergency use authorization.

As the coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic continues, you might have questions about COVID-19 vaccines. Find out about the different types of COVID-19 vaccines, how they work, the possible side effects, and the benefits for you and your family.  Let's set the record straight on some of the myths circulating about COVID-19 vaccines. Myth: The COVID-19 vaccine is not safe because it was rapidly developed and tested. Fact: Because there is an urgent need for COVID-19 vaccines and the Food and Drug Administration's (FDA's) vaccine approval process can take years, the FDA first gave emergency use authorization to COVID-19 vaccines based on less data than is typically required. The data must show that the vaccines are safe and effective before the FDA can give emergency use authorization or approval.  Vaccines with FDA emergency use authorization or approval include: Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine  The FDA has approved the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine, now called Comirnaty, to prevent COVID-19 in people age 16 and older. The FDA approved Comirnaty after data found the vaccine is safe and effective. The Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine is 91% effective in preventing the COVID-19 virus with symptoms in people age 16 and older.  The vaccine is still under an emergency use authorization for children ages 12–15. The vaccine is 100% effective in preventing COVID-19 in children ages 12–15. It requires two shots given 21 days apart. The second dose can be given up to six weeks after the first dose, if needed.  The vaccine is now also available under an emergency use authorization for children ages 5–11. This vaccine is about 91% effective in preventing COVID-19 in children ages 5–11. It requires two shots, given 21 days apart. It also contains a lower dose than the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine used for people age 12 and older.  Moderna COVID-19 vaccine  The FDA has approved the Moderna COVID-19 vaccine, now called Spikevax, to prevent COVID-19 in people age 18 and older. The Moderna COVID-19 vaccine is 94% effective in preventing the COVID-19 virus with symptoms. It requires two shots given 28 days apart. The second dose can be given up to six weeks after the first dose, if needed.  Janssen/Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccine  In clinical trials, this vaccine was 66% effective in preventing the COVID-19 virus with symptoms — as of 14 days after vaccination. The vaccine also was 85% effective at preventing severe disease with the COVID-19 virus — at least 28 days after vaccination. This vaccine is authorized for people age 18 and older. It requires one shot. If you are given this vaccine, learn about the possible risks and symptoms of a blood-clotting problem.  The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommends getting a mRNA COVID-19 vaccine over getting the Janssen/Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccine. But getting any COVID-19 vaccine is better than not getting a COVID-19 vaccine.  Myth: I already had COVID-19 and I have recovered, so I don't need to get a COVID-19 vaccine when it's available. Fact: Getting COVID-19 might offer some natural protection or immunity from reinfection with the virus that causes COVID-19. It's estimated that getting COVID-19 and COVID-19 vaccination both result in a low risk of another infection with a similar variant for at least six months. But because reinfection is possible and COVID-19 can cause severe medical complications, it’s recommended that people who have already had COVID-19 get a COVID-19 vaccine. A recent study showed that unvaccinated people who already had COVID-19 are more than twice as likely as fully vaccinated people to be reinfected with COVID-19.  Recent research also suggests that people who got COVID-19 in 2020 and then received mRNA vaccines produce very high levels of antibodies that are likely effective against current and, possibly, future variants. Some scientists call this hybrid immunity. Further research is needed.  If you were treated for COVID-19 with monoclonal antibodies or convalescent plasma, there is no need to delay getting a COVID-19 vaccine.  Myth: There are severe side effects of the COVID-19 vaccines. Fact: While many people do not have reactions after vaccination, it is normal if you do. It does not mean you have the COVID-19 infection. It is an indicator that your immune system is responding to the vaccine. If you have a reaction, take some time to rest and allow your body to recover.  A COVID-19 vaccine can cause mild side effects after the first or second dose, including:  Pain, redness or swelling where the shot was given Fever Fatigue Headache Muscle pain Chills Joint pain Nausea and vomiting Feeling unwell Swollen lymph nodes You'll be monitored for 15 minutes after getting a COVID-19 vaccine to see if you have an allergic reaction.  Most side effects go away in a few days. Side effects after the second dose might be more intense. Many people have no side effects. Side effects of booster shots appear to be similar to side effects experienced after the two-dose or single-dose primary shots. If the redness or tenderness where the shot was given gets worse after 24 hours or you are concerned about any side effects, contact your doctor.  Myth: The COVID-19 vaccines don't work because you can still get COVID after vaccination. Fact: COVID-19 vaccination will protect most people from getting sick with COVID-19. But some fully vaccinated people will still get COVID-19. These are called vaccine breakthrough infections.  People with vaccine breakthrough infections can spread COVID-19 to others. However, fully vaccinated people with a breakthrough infection are less likely to have serious illness with COVID-19 than those who are unvaccinated. Even when vaccinated people develop symptoms, they tend to be less severe than those experienced by unvaccinated people.  Myth: The current COVID-19 vaccines don't protect against the COVID-19 variants. Fact: Currently, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has identified two variants of the virus (SARS-CoV-2) that causes coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) as variants of concern:  Delta (B.1.617.2). This variant is nearly twice as contagious as earlier variants and might cause more severe illness. The greatest risk of transmission is among unvaccinated people. People who are fully vaccinated can get vaccine breakthrough infections and spread the virus to others. However, it appears that fully vaccinated people spread COVID-19 for a shorter period than do unvaccinated people. While research suggests that COVID-19 vaccines are slightly less effective against the delta variant, the Pfizer-BioNTech, Moderna and Janssen/Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccines still appear to provide protection against severe COVID-19. Omicron (B.1.1.529). This variant spreads more easily than the original virus that causes COVID-19 and the delta variant. However, omicron appears to cause less severe disease. People who are fully vaccinated can get breakthrough infections and spread the virus to others. However, the COVID-19 vaccines are effective at preventing severe illness. This variant also reduces the effectiveness of some monoclonal antibody treatments. Myth: Most people don’t need a COVID-19 booster shot. Fact: An additional primary shot of a COVID-19 vaccine is recommended for people who are vaccinated and might not have had a strong enough immune response.  In contrast, a booster dose is recommended for people who are vaccinated and whose immune response weakened over time. Research suggests that getting a booster dose can decrease your risk of infection and severe illness with COVID-19.  People who have a moderately or severely weakened immune system should get an additional primary shot and a booster shot.  The CDC recommends additional primary shots and booster doses of COVID-19 vaccines in specific instances:  Additional dose The CDC recommends an additional primary shot of an mRNA COVID-19 vaccine for some people with weakened immune systems, such as those who have had an organ transplant. People with weakened immune systems might not develop enough immunity after vaccination with two doses of an mRNA COVID-19 vaccine or one dose of the Janssen/Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccine. An additional shot using an mRNA COVID-19 vaccine might improve their protection against COVID-19. The additional primary shot should be given at least 28 days after a second dose of an mRNA COVID-19 vaccine or one dose of the Janssen/Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccine The additional primary shot should be the same brand as the other two mRNA COVID-19 vaccine doses that were given. If the brand given isn't known, either brand of mRNA COVID-19 vaccine can be given as a third dose. Booster dose Booster doses are recommended for people age 12 and older after getting two doses of an mRNA COVID-19 vaccine or one dose of a Janssen/Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccine. You can get a booster if you received: Pfizer Are age 12 and older and it's been at least five months after completing the primary series. The Pfizer or Moderna booster vaccines are preferred for most people ages 18 and older. Ages 12–17 may only get a Pfizer booster. Are age 5–11, it's been at least 28 days after completing the primary series, and you are moderately or severely immunocompromised Moderna Are age 18 and older and it's been at least five months after completing the primary series Johnson & Johnson Are age 18 and older and it's been at least two months after receiving the Johnson & Johnson vaccination The Pfizer-BioNTech or Moderna COVID-19 vaccine boosters are preferred in most situations.  Pregnant women also can get a COVID-19 booster shot.  If you have a weakened immune system, had two doses of an mRNA COVID-19 vaccine and an additional primary shot, and it’s been at least three months since the additional shot, get a single booster dose. An mRNA COVID-19 vaccine is preferred.  If you have a weakened immune system, had one dose of the Janssen/Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccine and an additional primary shot of an mRNA COVID-19 vaccine, and it’s been at least two months since the additional shot, get a single booster dose. An mRNA COVID-19 vaccine is preferred.  Myth: People with existing health conditions should not get a COVID-19 vaccine. Fact: COVID-19 vaccines are safe for people who have existing health conditions, including conditions that increase the risk of severe illness with COVID-19. People who have a moderately or severely weakened immune system should get an additional primary shot and a booster shot.  Myth: Children can't get severely sick with COVID-19, so they don't need a COVID-19 vaccine. Fact: A COVID-19 vaccine can prevent your child from getting COVID-19 and spreading it at home and in school.  If your child gets COVID-19, a COVID-19 vaccine could prevent severe illness. Getting a COVID-19 vaccine can also help keep your child in school and more safely have playdates and participate in sports and other group activities.  Myth: I won't need to wear a mask after I get vaccinated for COVID-19. Fact: You are considered fully vaccinated two weeks after you get a second dose of an mRNA COVID-19 vaccine or two weeks after you get a single dose of the Janssen/Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccine.  You are considered up to date with your vaccine if you gotten all recommended COVID-19 vaccines, including booster doses, when you be eligible.  After getting fully vaccinated, you can more safely return to doing activities that you might not have been able to do because of the pandemic.  However, if you are in an area with a high number of new COVID-19 cases, the CDC recommends wearing a mask indoors in public and outdoors in crowded areas or when you are in close contact with unvaccinated people. If you are fully vaccinated and have a condition or are taking medications that weaken your immune system, you may need to keep wearing a mask.  You also will still be required to wear a mask on planes, buses, trains and other public transportation traveling to, within, or out of the U.S., as well as in places such as airports and train stations.  If you are traveling in the U.S., you don't need to get tested before or after your trip or quarantine after you return. If you are traveling outside of the U.S., you don't need to get tested before you leave the U.S. unless your destination requires it. You still need to show a negative test result or proof that you've recovered from COVID-19 in the past three months before boarding an international flight to the U.S.  If you've gotten all recommended vaccine doses, including boosters and additional primary shots, and you've had close contact with someone who has the COVID-19 virus, get tested at least five days after the contact happens.  Myth: The COVID-19 vaccine was developed to control the general population either through microchip tracking or "nanotransducers" in our brains. Fact: There is no vaccine microchip, and the vaccine will not track people or gather personal information into a database.  This myth started after comments made by Bill Gates from The Gates Foundation about a digital certificate of vaccine records. The technology he was referencing is not a microchip, has not been implemented in any manner and is not tied to the development, testing or distribution of COVID-19 vaccines.  Myth: COVID-19 vaccines will alter my DNA. Fact: The first COVID-19 vaccines to reach the market were messenger RNA (mRNA) vaccines. According to the CDC, mRNA vaccines work by instructing cells in the body how to make a protein that triggers an immune response. Injecting mRNA into your body will not interact or do anything to the DNA of your cells. Human cells break down and get rid of the mRNA soon after they have finished using the instructions.  Myth: COVID-19 vaccines were manufactured using fetal tissue. Fact: Neither the Pfizer/BioNTech nor Moderna vaccines for COVID-19 contain fetal cells, and fetal cells were not used in their development or production.  In two animal studies, researchers performed laboratory testing of the vaccines using historically harvested fetal cell lines. However, both animal studies were conducted after these vaccines were already in phase 3 clinical trials.  Myth: COVID-19 vaccines cause infertility or miscarriage. Fact: It's recommended that you get a COVID-19 vaccine if you are pregnant or breastfeeding, trying to get pregnant or might become pregnant in the future. There is no evidence that any vaccines, including COVID-19 vaccines, cause fertility problems in men or women.  It's not clear if getting COVID-19 or a COVID-19 vaccine causes changes in menstruation. A new study of about 4,000 people suggest that getting a COVID-19 vaccine is linked with a less than one-day change in menstrual cycle length for each does.  Keep in mind that many things can affect menstrual cycles, including infections, stress, sleep problems and changes in diet or exercise.  Myth: Pregnant and breastfeeding women should not get the COVID-19 vaccine. Fact: If you are pregnant or breastfeeding, it's recommended that you get a COVID-19 vaccine. The overall risk of COVID-19 to pregnant women is low. However, women who are pregnant or were recently pregnant are at increased risk of severe illness with COVID-19. Getting a COVID-19 vaccine can protect you from severe illness due to COVID-19. Vaccination can also help pregnant women build antibodies that might protect their babies.  COVID-19 vaccines don't cause infection with the COVID-19 virus, including in pregnant women or their babies. None of the COVID-19 vaccines contain the live virus that causes COVID-19. Also, keep in mind that mRNA COVID-19 vaccines don't alter your DNA.  Findings from a study of more than 40,000 women show that getting a COVID-19 vaccine during pregnancy poses no serious risks for pregnant women who were vaccinated or their babies. Most of the women in the study received an mRNA vaccine. (24) In addition, vaccines that use the same viral vector as the Janssen/Johnson & Johnson COVID-19 vaccine have been given to pregnant women in each trimester of pregnancy in clinical trials. No harmful effects were found.  Myth: I am allergic to eggs so I shouldn't get the COVID-19 vaccine Fact: Neither the Pfizer/BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine nor the Moderna COVID-19 vaccines contain egg nor were eggs used the development or production of either vaccine. However, those with severe allergic reactions to eggs or any other substance (i.e., anaphylaxis) are encouraged to remain after vaccination for 30 minutes for observation.  Myth: COVID-19 vaccines must be stored at extremely low temperatures because of preservatives in the vaccines. Fact: Pfizer/BioNTech and Moderna have reported that their vaccines contain no preservatives.  Different vaccines have different storage requirements. For instance, the Pfizer/BioNTech vaccine must be stored at minus 94 degrees Fahrenheit (minus 70 degrees Celsius), while Moderna has said that its vaccine needs to be stored at minus 4 degrees Fahrenheit (minus 20 degrees Celsius). Both of these vaccines use messenger RNA, or mRNA, to teach your cells how to make a protein that will trigger an immune response to COVID-19. However, messenger RNA is fragile and can break down easily. Storing messenger RNA vaccines, like these COVID-19 vaccines, in an ultracold environment keeps them stable and safe.  You should not worry about these temperatures. Vaccines are thawed before injection.

The development of a COVID-19 (coronavirus) vaccine is essential in the fight to bring the current pandemic to an end. With the speed at which development is progressing, there are some questions over how safe any vaccines will be once they are produced. In this article we’ll go over the main concerns related to the safety of the new coronavirus vaccine candidates.  How do the coronavirus vaccines work? Vaccines work by harmlessly introducing elements of a disease to the body to teach it how to fight specific infections.  Coronavirus vaccine research Before a vaccine can be made, researchers have to understand how coronavirus attacks the body. When creating a prospective vaccine, scientists first have to understand how the coronavirus attacks the body. The vaccine developers can then take genetic material from the coronavirus and use it to create a vaccine that appears to the body in the same way the virus would.  This is injected into the patient, stimulating an adaptive immune response where the body creates antibodies that can fight coronavirus. Antibodies are a type of blood protein used by the body to fight infection, so if the patient comes into contact with coronavirus, their body will already know how to fight it.  Coronavirus vaccine candidate When a viable vaccine candidate has been created, it should create immunity from coronavirus in the patient. There are currently four coronavirus vaccines approved for use in the UK, the Oxford/Astrazeneca, Pfizer/BioNTech, Moderna, and Johnson & Johnson vaccines.  The  coronavirus vaccine works by taking a lesser virus (similar to a common cold) and manipulating it so it is no longer harmful. The manipulated virus acquires the surface features which mimic coronavirus, appearing to the body in the same way and triggering the creation of coronavirus antibodies. The Johnson & Johnson coronavirus vaccine is based upon a similar principle.  Other vaccines use synthetic DNA to teach the body how to create the proteins which can fight coronavirus and create immunity, such as the vaccine developed by American biotechnology company . The vaccine produced by the collaboration between American pharmaceutical giant, , and the German biotechnology company, , also uses synthetic DNA technology.  Coronavirus vaccine antibodies Patients who recieve the vaccine will then have the antibodies that can fight coronavirus. Vaccines can be created in many different ways, but ultimately all vaccines allow your immune system to learn how to fight infection and gain immunity. It is far safer to gain immunity through vaccination than it is by catching a potentially life-threatening disease.  How can a vaccine be made in months when it usually takes years? There are over 70 coronavirus vaccines currently being tested in clinical trials all over the world, and many of the frontrunners in the race to make the coronavirus vaccine have created vaccines using established platforms. This means that the vaccine developers have a specific method of creating vaccines which can be applied to similar viruses.  Some of the vaccine candidates (such as the one developed by the University of Oxford) have already been , such as SARS and MERS. Previous research and vaccine development with similar coronaviruses has made the process of creating a COVID-19 vaccine much faster.  If similar technology used with previous coronaviruses has been successful, it is also a good indication that it will be successful with COVID-19 too.  Another factor in the speed of the coronavirus vaccine development is the increase in funding and resources. Owing to the severity of the pandemic and its repercussions, a lot more funding that usual has been dedicated to vaccine development. As a result, progress has been made a lot faster than it would under other circumstances.  How can they make a vaccine for coronavirus when there aren’t yet vaccines for viruses like HIV? Creating vaccines for different viruses can be very different. Although HIV affects many people all over the world, the complexity with which the virus affects the body makes it difficult to develop a vaccine that can guarantee immunity.  By contrast, the COVID-19 coronavirus attacks the body in a different way. After early progress was made in understanding the structure of the virus and sequencing its genetic information, efforts to create the vaccine could already begin.  There has also been an unprecedented cross collaboration between biotechnology firms, pharmaceutical companies, public organisations and government agencies around the world in the work to create a functioning coronavirus vaccine.  How are the coronavirus vaccines tested to ensure they are safe? All candidates for the coronavirus vaccine will pass through a rigorous testing process to ensure that they work properly and are safe.  Once a vaccine candidate is ready, it must pass through three phases of clinical trials. In the first phase, a small group of volunteers is given the vaccine to ensure the vaccine is safe and has no adverse side effects.  Once the vaccine is established to be safe, testing can move on to the second phase, in which a larger group is given the vaccine. This second group of volunteers should be of different ages and backgrounds to mimic how the vaccine might work for different people. The phase of testing will establish whether the vaccine is efficient in creating immunity against the coronavirus.  The third phase involves testing on an even larger group of volunteers to ensure the efficiency and safety of the vaccine on wider society.  Only then can a vaccine be approved for distribution to the general public.  How many people have taken the coronavirus vaccine in clinical trials? Over 44,000 volunteers have participated in clinical trials for the Pfizer/ BioNTech vaccine, more than 40,000 in the clinical trial for the , and 30,000 in the clinical trial for another mRNA vaccine developed by Moderna.  In any given clinical trial, will receive the COVID-19 vaccine, and the rest are given a placebo (a vaccine for a different disease). Of the people who were given the Pfizer/BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine, none experienced significant or severe lasting side effects that can be attributed to the vaccine, which is why it has been judged as safe for wider distribution.  Were there any deaths during the clinical trials of the coronavirus vaccine? There have been deaths in the clinical trials for different coronavirus vaccines, but none that were out of the ordinary for such a large number of people.  For example, in the Pfizer/BioNTech clinical trial 6 people died out of 44,000 people. Of these 6 people, . The two people who received the vaccine were over 55, one of which died from cardiac arrest more than 3 months after receiving the vaccine, and the other a few days after receiving the vaccine from arteriosclerosis, a condition that causes blood vessels to thicken and harden with age.  According to  “all deaths represent events that occur in the general population of the age groups where they occurred, at a similar rate”. This means that within a group of 44,000, it could also be expected that the same number of deaths might occur, regardless as to whether they had been vaccinated or not.  Does the coronavirus vaccine have side effects? In some people the coronavirus vaccine will have mild side effects, similar to that of other vaccines.  Find out more about the .  Will the vaccine be mandatory? Health Secretary Matt Hancock has said that the COVID-19 vaccine will not be made mandatory, however, it is possible that it will be for front line health professionals who are at high risk and working with vulnerable patients.

The arrival of the COVID-19 vaccine marked a big step toward getting back to the people and places we’ve missed for so long. But you may have heard different things about them from friends and family, social media, or the news. So, what are the facts? Here’s how we know the vaccine is safe and effective, according to medical experts.  The COVID-19 vaccine was safely developed The COVID-19 vaccine began rolling out less than a year into the pandemic. Vaccine development typically takes much longer, so it’s easy to wonder how we got this vaccine so soon. But the COVID-19 vaccine is held to the same safety standards as any other vaccine. Rigorous clinical trials have proven that they’re safe and effective.     The accelerated COVID-19 vaccine timeline The COVID-19 vaccine went through the same process as any other vaccine — only faster.   The accelerated COVID-19 vaccine timeline graphic The public health emergency fast-tracked vaccine development We knew early on that COVID-19 was extremely serious and spreading fast. The world needed a safe, effective vaccine as soon as possible. Here’s how we did it:     handshake icon Widespread collaboration Scientists and medical experts around the world joined forces and shared resources. By working together, they developed the COVID-19 vaccine as quickly as possible.      dollar sign icon Unprecedented funding The government spared no expense responding to COVID-19. A lot of money and resources went into making the vaccine, so more could get done in less time.     group of people icon High numbers of research volunteers Finding volunteers for clinical trials is usually hard. But in this case, it was easy. When it came to COVID-19, people wanted to help. Researchers had a robust sample size almost immediately.       calendar icon Early results Because COVID-19 spreads so fast, we had a huge amount of data much faster than usual. It didn’t take long for researchers to prove the vaccine works.     vaccine icon Front-end manufacturing Vaccine manufacturers don’t often start production until clinical trials are complete. But with the pandemic surging, they scaled up to make vaccines as soon as they got approved.     microscope icon Established research The COVID-19 vaccine is new, but the technology behind them is not. Research to develop new vaccines in case of a pandemic had been underway for decades. So, when the COVID-19 pandemic hit, scientists were well prepared. They put years of vaccine technology to work and tailored it to specifically fight the coronavirus.         Data proves the COVID-19 vaccine is safe and effective The COVID-19 vaccine is among the safest, most effective vaccines ever. No vaccine is 100% effective — and they don’t need to be to save lives.  Both the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines are more than 94% effective against COVID-19.1,2 And the Johnson & Johnson vaccine is shown to be 85% effective in preventing severe cases of COVID-19.3  For perspective, let's compare the COVID-19 vaccine to seasonal flu shots. Seasonal flu shots are only 40% to 60% effective. In the 2019–2020 flu season alone, they prevented about 6,300 people from dying. Flu shots also prevented around 7.52 million illnesses and 105,000 hospital stays.4   Now consider this: All 3 versions of the COVID-19 vaccine are more effective than a seasonal flu shot. Imagine how many illnesses, hospital stays, and deaths the COVID-19 vaccine will stop. woman on laptop       COVID-19 vaccine safety and effectiveness data is open to the public All the data published by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) is posted online and open for everyone to review. Below you can see how each version of the vaccine works — and why we know they’re safe:  Pfizer vaccine Moderna vaccine Johnson & Johnson vaccine       COVID-19 vaccine side effects are usually minor and manageable  Like most vaccines, the COVID-19 vaccine can produce side effects. These side effects are normal signs that the body is building immunity. They may include:  Pain at the injection site  Fatigue  Headache  Muscle pain  Chills  Joint pain  Fever  It’s important to remember that all vaccines carry risks for side effects. But these risks must be weighed against the benefits. COVID-19 is dangerous — anyone can develop life-threatening complications if they get it. The good news: The FDA and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) confirmed that the benefits of the COVID-19 vaccine outweigh any risks for side effects.       nurse giving man a shot Specific vaccine concerns and considerations Even though it’s extremely rare, allergic reactions can occur. Talk to your doctor before getting vaccinated if: You have a history of severe allergic reactions  You carry an epinephrine injector (such as an EpiPen)5 You have any questions or concerns about allergies or any other health conditions Don’t get a vaccine with ingredients that have given you a severe allergic reaction in the past. If you find you’re allergic to a certain type of vaccine, do not get another dose of that vaccine.6  Visit the  CDC website to learn more about the COVID-19 vaccine for people who have allergies. If you have questions or concerns about allergies or other health issues, talk to your doctor. Your doctor can help you decide if getting vaccinated is the right choice for you.  You can’t get COVID-19 from the vaccine The COVID-19 vaccine doesn’t introduce the virus into your body. It only teaches your body how to recognize the coronavirus. This helps your body create antibodies to fight the virus in case you ever get it. Since no trace of coronavirus is in the vaccine, it's impossible to get COVID-19 from the vaccine.

Millions of Americans have safely gotten vaccinated against COVID-19. However, because these vaccines are relatively new and the target of misinformation online, there may be apprehension about vaccine safety and efficacy.  We’ve asked our Yale New Haven Health experts to help clarify what we know about the vaccines and their current safety profiles.  What Do We Know About the Safety of the Available Vaccines? All of the data that are available indicate that the Pfizer, Moderna and Johnson & Johnson vaccines are safe. The Pfizer vaccine, which was granted full approval by the FDA, consists of genetic material called mRNA, which stimulates the immune system to protect against the virus. The vaccine material breaks down quickly after it’s absorbed into cells and it does not impact our genes. The Moderna vaccine, which also has full approval by the FDA, works in the same way.  The COVID-19 vaccines are new, but RNA vaccines have been around for the better part of the last decade. Experts have been researching this method to develop vaccines against other illnesses including influenza, Ebola and the Zika virus. Those years of scientific development helped researchers get to the point where we are today.  The Johnson & Johnson vaccine is different from the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines and only requires a single dose.   After a multi-step process to approve a vaccine, the FDA, along with the CDC, will continue to monitor the safety of COVID-19 vaccines to rapidly detect safety problems if they exist.  “Any time a new vaccine is presented to the FDA, it’s tested and reviewed thoroughly before approval, even if it’s for emergency use,” said Thomas Balcezak, MD, chief medical officer for Yale New Haven Health.  In addition to the FDA’s review, Connecticut’s governor has a vaccine advisory committee to review the data. The group, which includes Richard Martinello, MD, Medical Director of Infection Prevention for Yale New Haven Health, recommended the immediate distribution of the vaccine.  What Are The Side Effects? Yale New Haven Health participated in the Pfizer vaccine trial, which included around 40,000 participants. During the course of that trial, no serious side effects were reported. Some mild side effects associated with the Pfizer vaccine can include a local reaction to the vaccination site, such as mild pain, redness or swelling. Similar side effects can occur with the Moderna and Johnson & Johnson vaccines as well.  Those mild reactions sometimes happen with other vaccines like the flu shot. To alleviate those minor symptoms, an ice pack can reduce soreness or swelling. A cool bath, drinking fluids and taking an over the counter pain reliever if approved by your doctor, could also be helpful.   Other side effects can include fever, chills, fatigue, headache, muscle pain and joint pain. Some people get side effects from vaccines because they “tickle” the immune system, provoking a response. That just means the vaccine is working, and it’s not a reason to be alarmed. Because there is no live or dead virus in the vaccine, you cannot get COVID-19 from it.  As with any vaccine, there is a very remote chance that it can cause a severe allergic reaction, serious injury or death. Any time someone experiences emergency symptoms, such as trouble breathing, pain or pressure in the chest, confusion, bluish lips or face, or any other sudden and severe symptom, they should call 9-1-1.  How Effective Is The Vaccine? The Pfizer vaccine is a 2-shot series. It is about 95% effective within one week of getting the second dose. It’s only around 53% effective after the first dose, which is why it’s important for all recipients to get the second dose. The Moderna vaccine has a similar efficacy, which is about the same as many common immunizations to protect against illnesses like polio and measles.  A third dose of the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines are recommended for those with certain immunocompromising conditions. A booster of the Moderna and Johnson & Johnson vaccine is available to adults 18 and older. A booster dose of the Pfizer vaccine is available for those 12 and older.  “This vaccine is safe and effective. The pandemic has taken a toll on everyone, but the availability of a vaccine with such an impressive efficacy is a testament to the researchers who have worked on this technology for years,” said Dr. Balcezak.  Johnson & Johnson found its vaccine was 72% effective in the U.S. and 66% effective overall in preventing severe cases, 28 days after vaccination.  Another COVID-19 vaccine by AstraZeneca is about 63% effective and uses a different technology than the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines. The World Health Organization granted emergency authorization for this vaccine, but it has not yet been approved for emergency use by the FDA in the U.S.  So far, the FDA predicts the Pfizer vaccine will be effective for several months and possibly a year. In the meantime, experts will continue to study the virus and the vaccines developed to fight it.  There may be some scenarios where some people may need to consult with their doctor before getting the vaccine. For example, anyone who is currently sick with COVID-19 should wait before getting it.

