I don't trust the vaccine whatsoever, like 0%. And because I know what the end goal is, that Bill Gates, as he said in 2015, if we can get all these health things and vaccination, we can reduce the population by 10 to 15%. What's 15% of 7 billion people? That's one billion!
Veronica Greenaway was an anti-vaxxer who for more than a year believed everything she read about Covid-19 on Facebook. She idolised some of Ireland’s most prolific Covid deniers and allowed anti-vaxxers from both sides of the Border to use her Co Fermanagh home to spread misinformation. She believed the vaccine would kill her and her 77-year-old husband Billy.
It’s what propelled her to seek alternative treatments to care for her family’s health, as she began to reject the safety and value of vaccinations and all practices of Western medicine in their entirety. But Heather found a community among like-minded anti-vaxxers, who were eager to welcome her with open arms.
In my opinion, they did a lot of things that put kids at risk. Some would use bleach or ammonia to try and cure their children of autism, and were opposed to all antibiotics, Simpson explains. I was really scared that the COVID-19 vaccine would change our DNA, or cause infertility,” Simpson recalls, as she goes on to explain how she began to see the sickness spreading. I saw a lot of people start dying from Covid. Young people. Healthy people. There was a 35-year old man in my town that got the vaccine in November and he still died. My friend’s dad, who is young, also got covid and died. Another friend’s mother, who was also healthy, also became sick and died, Simpson explains. I was watching all this happen and I thought to myself, ‘What if I get Covid, and leave my daughter without a mom? Heather recalls. Once again, Heather began doing her own research, meeting with friends, doctors, and others to understand their perspectives. I was able to meet with a lot of doctors and healthcare professionals—and they were able to write down how the vaccine worked for me, Simpson says. For the first time since the pandemic, Heather was understanding the science behind the vaccine, and the virus. After getting information from people she trusted, Simpon went to Baylor University Medical Center and received her first dose of the Pfizer-BioNTech vaccine against COVID-19.
Our government is now telling us that we can get the COVID-19 virus, recover from it but still NOT be immune. However, simultaneously they're telling us that a vaccine containing this same exact virus (one they claim they still don't understand) is going to give us that immunity and make us safe. You don't need to be a scientinst to see what's really going on here.
Lee Haywood got the COVID-19 vaccine. He’s seen friends lose their lives to the virus, and watched others struggle to recover. A smoker for 37 years, he believes the medical evidence showing that the vaccine sharply reduces his chances of a severe infection. Yet on the frigid afternoon of Jan. 23, Haywood, a 61-year-old Republican running for a North Carolina congressional seat, was near the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington, standing among signs that read “Vaccines kill” and “Stop the Vaccine Holocaust.” He had helped organize a bus carrying 35 people from Greensboro to the capital. “I’m against the forced vaccinations or forced wearing of these masks by these bureaucrats deep in the bowels of the government,” Haywood says. “This country was founded on liberty, and these mandates just slap everybody in the face.” aywood’s presence at the “Defeat the Mandates” rally was a window into a growing political cause that is beginning to unite a host of groups across the right. The anti-vaccine movement, once a fringe cohort, has repositioned itself as an opposition to mandates and government overreach. The distinction has attracted legions of supporters by tapping into the anger, exhaustion, grief and frustration of millions of Americans as the pandemic enters its third year.
When thousands of protesters gathered on the National Mall on Sunday morning to protest Covid vaccine mandates, they did so, they insisted, to preserve personal freedoms. “No more mandates!” they shouted as they marched, serpentine and coiled, like the snakes on the “Don’t Tread On Me” flags hoisted above their heads. “This is not about vaccine or anti-vax,” JP Sears, a comedian known for spreading conspiracy theories through sarcastic comedy, told the crowd. It was, he asserted, as Martin Luther King, Jr. once said, “a moral responsibility to disobey unjust laws.” But it was, very much, about vaccines. Children’s Health Defense Fund, the political wing of Robert F. Kennedy, Jr.’s anti-vax organization, hosted the event. Kennedy, who has been vocally spreading false claims about vaccine safety for decades, addressed the crowd to offer unsubstantiated warnings of the Covid-19 vaccines’ dangers. So did several doctors, wearing their physician whites, who also touted ivermectin to prevent Covid (it won’t) and rehashed long-debunked studies suggesting vaccines cause autism (it doesn’t). Just days after the CDC released its first study showing vaccine boosters help protect patients against hospitalization from Omicron, Dr. Robert Malone, a virologist and well-known vaccine skeptic, falsely told the crowd: “The science is settled: they’re not working.”
“I’m generally distrusting of the government,” he says. “I’m not the foil-hat-wearing type, but I’m the type of fellow that wants to verify facts. The vaccine came out quickly after the pandemic had started, too, and there was a lot of new language—‘breakthrough cases’ and ‘mRNA vaccines’—that was unfamiliar to me.” It was enough to make Steward uncomfortable with getting a jab. At the same time, he heard about a rise in cases from the delta variant and wanted to make an educated decision. So he posted on r/ChangeMyView, a channel on the social site Reddit where people go to share opinions they’re open to reconsidering.
So I've had covid at some point, I've got antibodies and I've been working on covid-19 since the beginning. I have not had a vaccination, I did not want to have a vaccination. And for that I would be dismissed if I don't have a vaccine? The science isn't strong enough. I'm not anti-vax because I've seen a great great benefit from vaccines. There's a difference between me giving my own personal opinion about why I wouldn't have a vaccine and whether vaccines in general are good, so you know as a doctor i'm not anti-surgery it doesn't mean that surgery is what i need to have so for population it'd be good to offer certain treatments, doesn't mean that everybody needs to have those treatments. Personally I haven't been vaccinated because I am fit and well man, I'm not elderly, I was exposed to covid on multiple occasions in hospital settings and I wasn't getting sick and i thought well the vaccines are out there now, they'll go to the elderly and vulnerable and I was suprised to see that this wasn't the point where instead of having oferring to everyone, we are now going to start ofeering it to people in a more nuanced way. 
