I love how medical professionals who got fired for refusing the Covid vaccine are pissed they got fired. Like dude your number one job is patient safety. If a crane operator refuses to do their daily safety inspections they will get fired because crane accidents kill.
To me the only reason they are reporting high cases of covid again are because they trying to get us to give our kids age 5 and up the vaccine.  My boys had covid twice his immune system will be on it!   Not a chance I'll risk a trial drug on my already suffering son! #MyOpinion
COVID vaccines are completely safe, 100% effective and have caused no excess mortality or serious adverse side effects according to independent experts paid by vaccine manufacturers.
$SPY $PFE psst.. In the Pfizer trials, more people died in the vaccine group than in the placebo group, and it takes 22,000 vaccines to save one life from COVID 😀
Who the fuck cares about covid anymore, shit didn't scare me in the first place! Immune system over vaccine any day!
The most recent death involves a 7-year-old boy (VAERS I.D. 2152560) from Washington who died 13 days after receiving his first dose of Pfizer’s COVID vaccine when he went into shock and suffered cardiac arrest. He was unable to be resuscitated and died in the emergency dept
pros of the covid vaccine: covid fucking up my menstrual cycle cured my PMDD. no more monthly suicidal thoughts
I know someone that reluctantly ended up taking the vaccine due to work, and now his hair is falling out in clumps. Has bald spots. Anyone else heard of that symptom? #VaccineSideEffects #Covid_19 #vaccinated #COVID19
I am so ridiculously mad at my dad and stepmom, who are refusing to go to my sisters wedding because it means they’d have to get the COVID vaccine...,. Like are you fucking for real
They control everything. FUD, propaganda and forced narrative via media and planned events. Covid was a plandemic, War is so, CYBER ATTACKS / cyber pandemic is coming... Vaccination is a propoganda... vaccine based passports, even digital passports to access internet is coming.
Vaccine. Covid, crazy freaking life guys . Let’s hit that Vape yolo a
Protip: If you ask your doctor for the COVID vaccine then show them the symbol of the Illuminati they’ll give you the secret shot that disables the NWO’s tracking microchip.
A Public Service Reminder for Those Who Have Received the Pfizer Covid-19 Vaccine  Pfizer’s vaccine contains 4-hydroxybutyl, a chemical used to promote bladder cancer in animals to study the efficacy of various therapies. See our most recent issue.
Facebook wouldn't allow you to have opinions on the Vaccine, Mask Mandates, or Covid. But now they'll allow hate speech against Russians?  Hmm...  Question everything.
It’s interesting because we don’t have to do a covid test before going to a concert here in Australia we just have to show a vaccine certificate
.@OlafScholz today marks two years since the @WHO declared #Covid a global pandemic. We could have been celebrating the end of the #global #pandemic. But Big pharmaceutical corporations still haven’t shared vaccine patents. @Bundeskanzlerz change that and #EndCOVIDMonopolies!
I can’t be the only one to experience weird menstrual cycles after I got my first COVID vaccine. I don’t think I’ve had a regular period since. It’s been a year and I think I’ve only had my period 6-7 times. That is not normal.
Through this whole Covid scam, I did not take any vaccine, not 1 test of any kind, I was not sick ever and did not wear a mask. I take vitamin D daily. No fear of side effects the rest of my life, no fear of Covid. Your body can handle a lot more than what they will have you know
The Pfizer vaccine has a higher mortality rate than COVID does. This is bullshit I fucking hate what this country has become Biden ruined our economy marketed a new virus that hasn't even come close to doing what heart disease already does in deaths Forced an experimental vaccine
After receiving her first dose of the COVID-19 vaccine, Li Jun’s 4-year-old developed a fever and coughs. After the second shot, the father could tell something was wrong. Swelling appeared around his daughter’s eyes and did not go away.
To everyone who has had the covid vaccine. You have literally bent over and been bummed by, Boris Johnson. #Covid_19 #COVID19 #COVIDIOTS
Antifa wondered if Antifa makes the covid vaccine.
March 12, 2022 poem about decisions to end many COVID-19 restrictions in all Canadian provinces and territories:  No masks No mandates No indoor limits No vaccine passports No lessons learned!
Covid causes blood clotting. A Utah woman believes that her husband and son had blood clotting due to the vaccine. My reliance has been on zinc lozenges for years. Suck on one at the beginning of an illness or you have been around somebody that is sick.
A 2,741 page, $1.5 trillion omnibus spending package fill with Biden's policy priorities. It fails to reverse the COVID-19 emergency or Biden’s vaccine mandates, as conservative leaders have called for, and doubles down on the Green New Deal style government subsidies.
They don’t call it a flu vaccine they call it a flu shot. So why do they call covid vaccine when it doesn’t prevent contraction or passing it on to others? It’s a shot, not a vaccine. And it’s killing people.
Covid vaccine killer.
The most recent death involves a 14-year-old boy (VAERS I.D. 2148498) who experienced a cerebral aneurysm leading to death one day after receiving his first dose of Pfizer’s COVID vaccine.
Everybody sure went from “COVID vaccine skeptics are literal murderers” to “the pandemic is over because Biden says so” pretty quickly.  Now it’s “Kill all Russians”  Good stuff.
I have a feeling I'm gonna live to 100 and die of boredom with the repetitive shite of the ups and downs of the economy  that depicts our lives. Austerity, wars, man made diseases created to sell vaccines to become billionaires. How many billionaires made from the COVID vaccine?
I haven’t heard shit about a covid mask nothin.. that’s gotta be concerning considering y’all put a couple doses of what they were pushing out as a vaccine into your only body….. literally 1 of 1 lol.
All these years. All this technology we don’t have a cure for the shit but somehow y’all came up with a vaccine for this (NEW VIRUS) covid shit in under a year? Pls explain it to me. Pls.
Halfwits who don't understand how a vaccine works: see this just proves my point that the vaccinated can pass Covid on. Look they are getting hospitalised in higher numbers than the unvaccinated. More are dying from vaccine injuries than Covid. We are on the right side of history
MY momma woke up last Monday with a #Bloodcloth in her eye... No explanation for the unexpected occurrence... Except She took the vaccine 6 months ago...  The COVID vaccine in MY opinion, was a war strategy🤦🏽u200d♀️
Why are people saying they just want to get COVID to get it over with?! You can catch it more than once.  Your immunity is only high for ~3 months after you get it (most of that time you're still sick) &amp; that still doesn't stop you from vaccine waning/getting other variants.🤔
I managed not 2 get #COVID-19 the entire pandemic until my son was 7 months old &amp; we both got it. Shortly after that I got my 1st dose of vaccine, no lies I felt absolutely terrible for MONTHS afterward. I had symptoms for months it was horrible! Well of course when I finally
sometimes i wonder if "the west" is purposefully trying to wipe out most if the worlds population.  it sure seems that way.  and if so, did they create covid?  and also, is there a ticking time bomb in the vaccine?  i dont trust anything anymore. the world has gone insane.
❗️Russia/Ukraine is the best vaccine we could have hoped for. It made COVID go away‼️
Nothing like waking up knowing I didn’t cave in to federal mandates trying to force me to take a vaccine that has a list of side effects longer than a city block. #coronavirus #COVID #COVID19 #Russia #Ukraine #UkraineRussiaWar
Anyone dies of Covid it’s trumps fault.  Gas goes up .30 cents it’s trumps fault.   2x the amount of people die of Covid under Biden with a “vaccine” not his fault. Those darn unvaxxed!  Biden pulls out of Afghan gives Taliban billions in weapons. No fault   $7 gas…Putin fault
My dad is an idiot that thinks he's smart. He's a snob.  Do your research and get all the info you can...as you don't tell my sister any major Covid vaccine effects and truck her into getting the vax.  Fuck you
Since 1/20/21, Let's see... Border crisis COVID-19 Fatality Increase crisis Vaccine Mandate crisis Economic/Inflation crisis Russian War crisis Threat of China Agression crisis International relations crisis Gas crisis
As I’ve been saying for almost a year now: the COVID-19 “vaccine” has proven itself to be worthless at best and deadly at worst.  But if you still believe in vax mandates after all this, then by all means, please keep getting those safe and effective boosters!
I'm quite surprised that in year 3 of Covid, I'm still free from infection, free from a vaccine, have worked constantly throughout, been to events, supermarkets and pubs unmasked and yet "The Science" says I need a vaccine to survive 🤔
I forgot that voluntarily getting yourself sick with the covid vaccine sucks donkey nuts
Is it okay to withhold covid vaccine donations from a developing country because it's government has chosen to not take a side on Russia-Ukraine?
It is actually impossible for me to have a fourth Covid vaccine.
Canada’s major contributions so far to fighting COVID? Antibody treatments discovered in BC that are priced at levels affordable only to the rich.  Vaccine technologies licensed to companies that refused to share them with poorer countries. Oh Canada. But the stock prices are up!
Whether you ever see it or not, the covid pandemic has brought in the permanent implementation of mask &amp; Vaccine mandates the same way the 9/11 attacks ushered in the permanent installation of the TSA in airports. 20 years later, the TSA never went away did it?
As usual, when it comes to covid-19, @ScottMorrisonMP is big on talk, glacial in action.  A PM that showed #realleadership would immediately end all restrictions, including vaccine mandates (i.e. coercion).  Cut the spin &amp; positioning, get a move on and restore our rights now.
I love that the COVID-19 virus is harmless. But also the spike protein from the vaccine is dangerous. Thanks antivaxxers.
BREAKING NOW: | Austrian Government SUSPENDS Covid-19 Vaccine Mandate For ALL ADULTS, just days before the law becomes effective throughout the country.  Join @CBKNEWS
Mask off now. People have already forgotten about the Covid-19 and its vaccine conspiracies. Let's now wait for the side effects to fully kick in.
From all all I can tell I have now come to the other side of Covid. Terrible sickness. The worst ever. And now I have natural immunity for however long that lasts. I don't need a mask and there is no risk I'll give it to or get it from another person. Nature's vaccine!
Has anyone had “long” Covid that was unvaccinated? I think “long” Covid is government excuse for vaccine reaction. Because I’ve only met people who have had it that were vaxxed.
Seizing shit is now the the new government control mechanism. First it was take the jab or lose your job, now it’s Do as we say or we will take all your shit! #BorisJohnson #UkraineRussiaWar #CovidIsNotOver #Covid_19 #vaccine #booster #Government #CorruptToryGovernemrnt
Has any one sensed the similarities between the complete demonization of Putin and the total moralizing of climate change, Covid vaccine and mask wearings?
Covid vaccine will contain macrosoft.
For 2 years all we've heard about is Covid, for the last year all media has pushed the Vaccine, yet when Pfizer are forced to release the trial data they wanted locked away for 75 years, the Media is silent about vaccines and Covid!  Do you wonder what the documents said?
Intracellular Reverse Transcription of Pfizer BioNTech COVID-19 mRNA Vaccine BNT162b2 In Vitro in Human Liver Cell Line  And yes it alters your DNA
Same people that had the dumb “I had my covid vaccine” banners on their profile pics now have “I stand with Ukraine” I still don’t care losers.
My son is not getting that covid vaccine, bad enough i had to get it cause I’m a health care worker
Not an anti vaccine person but bruh I am not getting that covid vaccine until they sure of wtf they doing
i swear down genuinely everyone in the world will have had covid by the time the j n j vaccine out this a genuine fucking joke
Through this whole Covid scam, I did not take any vaccine, not 1 test of any kind, I was not sick ever and did not wear a mask. I take vitamin D daily. No fear of side effects the rest of my life, no fear of Covid. Your body can handle a lot more than what they will have you know
Why are people saying they just want to get COVID to get it over with?! You can catch it more than once.  Your immunity is only high for ~3 months after you get it (most of that time you're still sick) &amp; that still doesn't stop you from vaccine waning/getting other variants.🤔
Facebook wouldn't allow you to have opinions on the Vaccine, Mask Mandates, or Covid. But now they'll allow hate speech against Russians?  Hmm...  Question everything.
To everyone who has had the covid vaccine. You have literally bent over and been bummed by, Boris Johnson. #Covid_19 #COVID19 #COVIDIOTS
Who the fuck cares about covid anymore, shit didn't scare me in the first place! Immune system over vaccine any day!
From all all I can tell I have now come to the other side of Covid. Terrible sickness. The worst ever. And now I have natural immunity for however long that lasts. I don't need a mask and there is no risk I'll give it to or get it from another person. Nature's vaccine!
After receiving her first dose of the COVID-19 vaccine, Li Jun’s 4-year-old developed a fever and coughs. After the second shot, the father could tell something was wrong. Swelling appeared around his daughter’s eyes and did not go away.
My son is not getting that covid vaccine, bad enough i had to get it cause I’m a health care worker
Is it okay to withhold covid vaccine donations from a developing country because it's government has chosen to not take a side on Russia-Ukraine?
They control everything. FUD, propaganda and forced narrative via media and planned events. Covid was a plandemic, War is so, CYBER ATTACKS / cyber pandemic is coming... Vaccination is a propoganda... vaccine based passports, even digital passports to access internet is coming.
Has anyone had “long” Covid that was unvaccinated? I think “long” Covid is government excuse for vaccine reaction. Because I’ve only met people who have had it that were vaxxed.
Seizing shit is now the the new government control mechanism. First it was take the jab or lose your job, now it’s Do as we say or we will take all your shit! #BorisJohnson #UkraineRussiaWar #CovidIsNotOver #Covid_19 #vaccine #booster #Government #CorruptToryGovernemrnt
After all we know now, there isn’t on logic reason to take this Covid “vaccine”
“For me, I had COVID twice, I saw how my body reacted, and although the chances are slim, with the vaccine, there’s a chance you could have a bad reaction to it,” Porter said. “For me, I don’t feel comfortable."   Funny how no one talks about MPJ the same way they talk about KAI
the most bizarre thing I’ve seen this year is when people catch covid then the first thing they do is thank the vaccine   When I product fails me the first thing I do isn’t it go on Twitter and thank that product
A fourth dose of COVID-19 vaccine will be needed Pfizer CEO says but the company is working on a shot to handle all variants. Yeah... I don’t think so. Not happening. Most will never trust a vaccine ever again.
People keep asking me why i won't get vaccinated. It's bc everybody I know with the vaccine keep getting covid and I never got it
No way people think that the vaccine will prevent you from getting Covid, who told you that??
Let's put in perspective how insane the logic is if you are vaxxed. If you test positive without symptoms, the vaccine works. If you test positive WITH symptoms, the vaccine works. If you catch Covid, the vaccine works. If you die, the cause was anything BUT the vaccine. Get it?
Mike Wilbon is my guy, but his rant about getting the vaccine was terrible.. Those vaccines we took as kids were around for decades, not 18 months.. you also don't get and spread polio and small pox and shit.. being vaccinated has nothing to do with getting or spreading covid
It's being reported that Obama who tells us to take the vaccine in a commercial being shown over and over has COVID!
The high number of COVID deaths in urban blue counties occurred when there was no vaccine; the current high toll of COVID deaths in red counties is occurring despite a vaccine.   #VaccinesWork
That just proves that their so called vaccine does not protect against Covid does it? Having it lightly? So did I and I did not get their vaccine!
With this, we can assume the vaccine does nothing to aid in the prevention of transmission of Covid.
Toxic #Taupo District Council to scrap vaccine passes from today. Say Medical experts don't know shit about covid-19 and the health service can go fuck itself. #PureNZ
Oh look vaccinated and boosted Barack Obama has COVID, great “vaccine”
"I am glad I got vaccinated.  The vaccine works."  "I now have tested positive for COVID" says Barack Obama.  How ridiculous does that sound 🙄
$MRNA   Reporter: Mr Bancel ceo of Moderna are you vaccinated against Covid 19 with the Moderna vaccine?  Bancel: Are you crazy? I am not stupid to be vaccinated by the Moderna poison vaccine. 📌
Biden gets Covid and thanks the vaccine in a last ditch effort to promote it. We all know he got Monoclonal’s, antibiotics and took Iver. The elite know the shot will fuck you up.
I will never get the covid vaccine I say the election was stolen Joe Biden sucks I'm not a white supremacists I am a Christian I love President Trump and I hate former President Obama Liberals suck the life out of themselves Free Thinker since 1965 ✌🏻
Lol get the fake vaccine, and you still get every strain of covid, fools
Obama has covid and obviously has had the vaccine. Now, he urges you to get the vaccine. Help it make sense.
Let me guess, Obama will say he got Covid and then proceed to thank the safeness and effectiveness of the vaccine
Covid vaccine doesn't work
Everyone please stop calling it a vaccine it’s not. It’s a covid flu shot, like the regular flu shot, designed for specific strains. It will ever eradicate covid, and calling it a vaccine lured people into taking it.
FUCK MIKE WILBON , HE'S A SELLOUT COMPANY MAN H WE ALL KNOW STEPHEN A SMITHIS A UNCLE TOM TO THE FULLEST DEGREE...KYRIE HAS THE RIGHT TO NOT INJECT HIMSELF WITH A SO CALLED VACCINE THAT DOESNT PREVENT INFECTION OR SPREADING OF COVID. DUMMIES! #BLACKTWITTER #NBA #kevindurant
Yoooooo Trump was right when he says TV stations spread FAKE NEWS!! Covid has revealed alot of stopped watching FAKE news long time again. All the media was bought by big pharma to keep this vaccine narrative going as they kill and destroy people's lives.
Obama and all these politicians saying the “vaccine” kept them from experiencing serious effects. Do they not know that millions upon millions of unvaccinated people got covid and experienced very little symptoms with the use of therapeutics!
Obama - “I’ve caught COVID, both myself and Michelle have been vaccinated and boosted and this is a reminder that we all need to get vaccinated.”  BUT THE VACCINE OBVIOUSLY DOESN‘T WORK THEN YOU DUMBASS !!