I am back from taking the third shot of the covid vaccine.
tw/ cw covid vaccine  i’m getting my second covid vaccine kinda nervous ngl
On the 2nd anniversary of #covid, i would like to thank Moderna and Pfizer for producing the vaccine. Where would we be if there was no vaccine? Thanks to all scientists and medical staff around the world #covid #cdnpoli #yeg #abpoli #CovidIsNotOver
I had my first covid vaccine today.
Recent release of #Pfizer #COVID-19 #vaccine #documents sparked a flurry of news stories. Many of them referenced data released previously (November 2021) showing Pfizer reported to the U.S. #FDA Food and Drug Administration that the drugmaker was aware of 1,223 reports of deaths
Incidentally   Day 5 of Covid  Day 3 of 🚽💨🌊💩  Appetite half returned with dizzy spells, holding at 4lb weight loss.   Get the #vaccine
People need to realize that this Covid vaccine would have never been approved under normal circumstances as it wouldn't have been deemed safe enough. It's only the Emergency Use that got it onto the market.
One year ago today I received my first dose of the COVID vaccine.
Why is it that the people who tirelessly campaigned for "back to normal" never campaign for ventilation, or better sick pay or masks or to combat vaccine disinformation - the things that would reduce covid burden as other mitigations are removed?
People will really be like “my body my choice” about the vaccine and then monologue about how you should stop with the masks already because they had COVID and it’s not that bad🙃
Facebook reminded me that a year ago today I got my first Covid vaccine.
One of my best friends for 30-yr bought into the Covid vaccine conspiracy theory. He avoided it for exactly 2-years. Got it, killed him in 21-days.  Kept telling him odds are if you get it, this will kill you.  I wish I was not right.  Missing my friend today. #VaccinesSaveLives
very disheartening that after years of being as careful as i can, getting 3 doses of vaccine, HAVING COVID in the early months of the pandemic, that once all the restrictions on masking are gone i get covid AGAIN  i must have been really awful in a previous life to deserve this
God is great! After my niece was coerced into getting vaxxed during pregnancy, she gave birth to a healthy girl a wk ago   Tbf, every vaxxed person I personally know (more than 40) are all okay, except for 1 who still has side effects  I'm still 💯% against covid vaccine mandates
Now that most places in the U.S. are opening up and loosening their mask &amp; vaccine mandates in public, I’m wondering how long it’ll be before we’ll need a 4th shot to protect us from the next mutated strain of COVID that unvaccinated idiots will almost certainly catch and spread?
5th day in bed with fucking Covid.   Thankful for the vaccine, furious at all the jackass officials who drop mask mandates including my employer @Columbia.   What on earth do you have to loose in keeping the damn masks on for a few more months?
That's more people coming down with covid round here , they have all had vaccine jags, so they don't seem to be as bad, still ill but not dying so that's a good sign, more time and we can hopefully find even better treatment.
Why did the Pope relieve Bishop Daniel Fernández Torres? All news reports I look up online state one reason was the Bishop had sanctuary for individuals who did not want covid vaccine. I feel the Catholic religion has a false Pope.
Had my fourth vaccine dose at end of December. Had an antibody test on 16 Feb which showed a very strong vaccine response (&gt;2,500 U/mL). Tested positive for COVID this morning 🤷🏼u200d♀️
I swear, some people on the right don't want the vaccine to be effective so they can say "I told you so" and some people on the left don't want it to be effective because they seem to hate the thought of any good news in regard to covid. Fuck yous both. The vaccine works.
Stop shaming me for putting the Covid vaccine in my body, I don’t say shit when you put that cocaine in your nose
Younger brother has tested positive for Covid in the UK. He is triple vaaxed and isolating. So far he says it is only like the worst cold he has ever had thanks to the vaccine protection
I know Im for sale by chocolate pony by the bathroom* yeah...I got the covid vaccine I can be part of the fire but I dont actually have a name to search for &amp;gt;:(
When people state that deaths after a covid vaccine are just coincidental are the same people that stated a positive test result was a covid death.
I wish I could have another COVID vaccine. Just a little something to take the edge off.
Fourth dose of covid vaccine now available for over 80s in France.
Just got home from getting my 1st covid vaccine #Pfizervaccine so far just feeling dizzy and vision blurred. I felt 100% before I got it.....I took two tylenols in case fever.
I'm starting to feel like maybe my covid vaccine innoculated me against some other things as well.
India’s COVID-19 vaccination coverage has crossed 180 Crore (1,80,10,69,235) today. More than 17 lakh (17,82,501) vaccine doses have been administered till 7 pm today: Union Health Ministry
.@OlafScholz today marks two years since the @WHO declared #Covid a global pandemic. We could have been celebrating the end of the #global #pandemic. But Big pharmaceutical corporations still haven’t shared vaccine patents. @Bundeskanzlerz change that and #EndCOVIDMonopolies!
Pfizer is close to submitting data to the Food and Drug Administration on a fourth dose of its COVID-19 vaccine.  “Clearly there is a need in an environment of omicron to boost the immune response,” he told CNBC in an interview Friday.
BREAKING: Austrian Government SUSPENDS Covid-19 Vaccine Mandate For ALL ADULTS, just days before the law becomes effective throughout the country.
1yr ago today I got my first dose of the Covid vaccine 😳
Got my second shot of the #covid vaccine.
Covid is only out of the limelight. Restrictions are still in place. Mandates to take the vaccine or lose your job and basic privileges are in place. And bills are moving through to make them permanent, especially in Cali are moving through. It’s a diversion. Don’t let it go.
This time last year I was shielding and being bumped up the vaccine list.  Restrictions gone in England for 3 weeks and now I have covid, despite being particularly careful  Even "mild" version has completely floored me and no let up yet.  Who is the pandemic over for exactly?
Neither one of the people that got covid with me can go back to work yet. They weren’t boosted (second vaccine March 2021). I am boosted. I am beyond ready to be back. Get vaccinated. Get your booster.
TBH have been scared to get covid vaccine even after having covid but finally scheduled my appointment to get the vaccine
SECOND COVID VACCINE DONE WOOOOOOO  no gender awakening this time
Mom's home help couldn't get her COVID-19 vaccine booster dose as MySejahtera hadn't updated her second dose as being received back in Aug 2021. Thanks to the kiosk at WTC, this finally got rectified. In and out in 15 mins. Thank you @my_sejahtera @KKMPutrajaya and @Khairykj
Batman has to get the Covid vaccine.  Just saying
A booster dose is the additional dose of the COVID-19 vaccine taken after the full dose of any brand of the vaccine for further protection against the virus.  #YesToCOVID19Vaccine #COVID19VaccineIsSafe #GoForCOVIDVaccineToday
I was wondering if the people who refuse to take the COVID-19 vaccine, are also refusing to take prescription medicine?. Prescription medicines come with possible side effects ranging from mild to life threatening. Why take one and not the other?. #COVIDvaccine
English diary Day 352. I got some strong side effects🤒 from the COVID-19 vaccine💉 than last time. But I'm fine😀 now. #LearnEnglish #englishlearner #twinglish #diary
What amazes me is people are defending Pfizer/gvmnt and saying the fatality rate of “vaccine” is only .1%..  At it worst, Actual Covid fatality is .06% …  Seems catching Covid has better chances to live than taking the “vaccine” …  Come on!!
💥💥💥BREAKING NOW: | Austrian Government SUSPENDS Covid-19 Vaccine Mandate For ALL ADULTS, just days before the law becomes effective throughout the country.  Join @CBKNEWS
Running the numbers for a sixth time the results keep saying the same thing the Covid vaccine made me gay
It was a lost Saturday. Had to spend two days in bed to recuperate from Pfizer #3, the first booster of the COVID vaccine.
Contrary to what the headlines say, I haven’t woken up once and thought, “you know, I really regret not getting that miraculous Covid vaccine everyone’s raving about” not once 😂
#COVID19: #Gujarat in 24 hours vaccinated 10,763 persons for the first dose and 50,480 for the second. In all, 5.21 crore are administered first and 4.95 crore second dose of Covid vaccine #GujaratCoronaUpdate #covidvaccination
My parents had covid over the past few days but luckily everyone is fine. My Mom had barely any symptoms so I wasn't concerned, but my Dad had it realy bad for like 2 days but he's fine now. It's scary what could have happened if it was pre vaccine especially since he's high risk
Day 5 of Covid feel tired and washed out. Vaccine working as still able to function not as bad as flu
In hindsight, no one could have predicted that a COVID vaccine would accelerate the end of lockdowns.
Mr Dix and Dr Henry are saying that they have done all that they could do to minimize risk of acute Covid in BC. Masks. Vaccine. Boosters. Distance. They can't make Covid go away. Covid kills. Education and science save lives. Over to us...
Today I learned my parents FULLY believe that getting the COVID vaccine/boosters means you’re shedding COVID for two weeks so guess who is waiting to get her Booster until right before she flies home to casually bring it up during family dinner :)
I am SO happy that my 8-year-old was finally offered a covid vaccine this week - and also in awe of just how hard everyone at the vaccine centre worked to make it a good experience for the kids. Stickers! Ginger biscuits! Where's Wally colouring sheets! Nurses dressed as Olaf! 💕
#KeepMasking Keep your guards up COVID still out Everyday a new study is showing the long term damage caused by COVID The vaccine give you better chance at fighting the infection, it's not a forcefield to keep the virus away The mask is your shield  Better mask = Better shield
10th day living w covid : diarrhoea and vomiting. Sangat terseksa, couldn’t think how would I be without vaccine. Mesti lagi terseksa.
This @toryboypierce is a joke. Who isnt scared of covid ? Clearly 100s millions of people took the covid vaccine because they enjoy vaccinations rather than because they are scared of covid. #lbc what an idiot
Got my 2nd COVID shot at a drive up Thurs. They weren't fussy about my allergies.  Reaction has been similar to last time. I have red/swelling around the injection that is gaining surface area. This is typical of my previous vaccine reactions in the past &amp; not very concerning.
Why do you think the companies &amp; govt have suddenly dropped covid vaccine mandates?  Hint: Its not because of omicron but Pfizer data.
Oh, it’s twelve weeks since a positive test or first vaccine for under 18s … not four. Ethan’s second jab will be in May then (unless they get Covid again, of course).
India’s COVID-19 vaccination coverage has crossed 180 Crore (1,80,10,69,235) today.   More than 17 lakh (17,82,501) vaccine doses have been administered till 7 pm today: Union Health Ministry  #ConnectGujarat #BeyondJustNews #CGNews
With the war crimes that’s going on in Ukraine now in mind, which rightfully demands our attention…I still want to give a heartfelt “thank you so much, from the bottom of my heart” to the scientists who developed the Covid-vaccine. A little bit less to worry about, at least.❤️
Out of all 3 Covid vaccine shots, my arm has only been sore for the booster 🥴
just got my second covid vaccine
🇦🇹 Austrian Government SUSPENDS Covid-19 Vaccine Mandate For ALL ADULTS, just days before the law becomes effective throughout the country! 👌🏻
is it too late to get the vaccine i really don't want covid
One year ago today I got my first covid vaccine while working at a vaccine clinic.
There are still ~1500 COVID deaths/day in the US. Total deaths from the 9/11 attack: 2996. And yet, 20 years later, Americans still accept high airport security, intrusive pat-downs, seizure of banned items - while they protest mask and vaccine mandates in an ongoing pandemic. 🤷u200d♀️
I have a question.   Was it wrong to call CoVID shots a “Vaccine”..   It‘s not a vaccine as most reasonable people would interpret that word.   (yes I’ve had my 3 shots)
Austrian Government Suspends Mandatory Covid-19 Vaccine For All Adults.
I am triple vaccinated against covid. I still think mask mandates are better than vaccine “passport” mandates. Aerosol scientists say masks are very effective at preventing the spread. I hate masks. But I also can’t afford to get covid. Who can, really?!
just went to get my second vaccine and they said i couldn’t get it cos i’ve had covid in the last 12 weeks but i got told i could get it after 28 days 👍🏻👍🏻
Covid-19 in the UK    73.3% with two vaccine doses and 57.3% with booster top-up  Daily cases* 72,898 In hospital 11,944 Daily deaths* 114  Daily cases are increasing - be safe
I'm 58, fat, have had all 3 Covid jabs, got it a week ago, and have survived. Last month a guy I knew, a fair bit younger and fitter than me, a vaccine refusenik who'd bought into all the conspiracy theories, got Covid and died. I rely on science and the law of averages.
My dad would definitely have long covid if he hadn't had his third shot &amp; he would definitely be dead if he had no vaccine.  He still may get long covid.   Freedom
:: why did I have a dream that there was a new Covid vaccine that actually prevents everyone from getting it???
3rd dose of the covid vaccine taken! Like a champ! Now I sleep eternally
Sup,covid! Daydrinking is a essential routine of staying sane in order to not go crazy during covid time, My human once told me a story:  Charlie, who is a  doctor, he  saved people's lives in the pandemic, and he  invented the vaccine
One of my best friends for 30-yr bought into the Covid vaccine conspiracy theory. He avoided it for exactly 2-years. Got it, killed him in 21-days.  Kept telling him odds are if you get it, this will kill you.  I wish I was not right.  Missing my friend today. #VaccinesSaveLives
Day 5 of Covid feel tired and washed out. Vaccine working as still able to function not as bad as flu
My parents had covid over the past few days but luckily everyone is fine. My Mom had barely any symptoms so I wasn't concerned, but my Dad had it realy bad for like 2 days but he's fine now. It's scary what could have happened if it was pre vaccine especially since he's high risk
Batman has to get the Covid vaccine.  Just saying
Just got home from getting my 1st covid vaccine #Pfizervaccine so far just feeling dizzy and vision blurred. I felt 100% before I got it.....I took two tylenols in case fever.
People will really be like “my body my choice” about the vaccine and then monologue about how you should stop with the masks already because they had COVID and it’s not that bad🙃
#COVID19: #Gujarat in 24 hours vaccinated 10,763 persons for the first dose and 50,480 for the second. In all, 5.21 crore are administered first and 4.95 crore second dose of Covid vaccine #GujaratCoronaUpdate #covidvaccination
is it too late to get the vaccine i really don't want covid
Incidentally   Day 5 of Covid  Day 3 of 🚽💨🌊💩  Appetite half returned with dizzy spells, holding at 4lb weight loss.   Get the #vaccine
Recent release of #Pfizer #COVID-19 #vaccine #documents sparked a flurry of news stories. Many of them referenced data released previously (November 2021) showing Pfizer reported to the U.S. #FDA Food and Drug Administration that the drugmaker was aware of 1,223 reports of deaths
1yr ago today I got my first dose of the Covid vaccine 😳
Got my 2nd COVID shot at a drive up Thurs. They weren't fussy about my allergies.  Reaction has been similar to last time. I have red/swelling around the injection that is gaining surface area. This is typical of my previous vaccine reactions in the past &amp; not very concerning.
Younger brother has tested positive for Covid in the UK. He is triple vaaxed and isolating. So far he says it is only like the worst cold he has ever had thanks to the vaccine protection
just got my second covid vaccine
Fourth dose of covid vaccine now available for over 80s in France.
This @toryboypierce is a joke. Who isnt scared of covid ? Clearly 100s millions of people took the covid vaccine because they enjoy vaccinations rather than because they are scared of covid. #lbc what an idiot
Running the numbers for a sixth time the results keep saying the same thing the Covid vaccine made me gay
Had my fourth vaccine dose at end of December. Had an antibody test on 16 Feb which showed a very strong vaccine response (&gt;2,500 U/mL). Tested positive for COVID this morning 🤷🏼u200d♀️
Obama has covid and reminds people to get vaccinated. People start talking the BS talking point of how the vaccine doesn't stop people from getting it.   BUT IT DOES SUBSIDE THE STRENGTH OF SYMPTOMS! If you wear a bullet-proof vest, that doesn't mean you can't get shot. So easy.
the proof that the vaccine works is that people get covid and are still alive.
First off, I’m pro vaccine…but answer the question from a common sense perspective what steps does a vaccine mandate do to protect against covid when said player can sit courtside at the game. Since day 1, public policy has fallen short to have effective protection measures
#walgreenssocialcare my husband and I have just received notices of claims against our Medicare of $100 each for getting our covid boosters at Walgreens.  I am sure our tax dollars bought the vaccine and syringes.  Why did you charge us again?  Grifting??
Now Pfizer is saying 4th booster is necessary. Young adult man has survived Covid with double lung transfer here at Houston TX Medical Center. Choice we have, folks, 4 vaccine shots or double lung transplant. Personally, I am choosing 4 shots.
Anyone get the Moderna booster? I've got mine scheduled for Friday and I'm nervous just because last year when I got my 1st vaccine I ended getting Covid about 3 days later.
My favorite marketing technique:  Hi. I just got Covid. Feeling good. I’m quadruple vaccinated. Just wanted to remind you to get your vaccine. 🙂
happy 1 year to me getting the first covid vaccine and the 5g is still strong!
It was a year ago yesterday that I was able to get my first covid vaccine. I’m still very thankful for that moment. Thank you science!
"People like Anthony Fauci, who I know, and I've worked with, I trust completely," Obama said. "So if Anthony Fauci tells me this vaccine is safe, and can vaccinate, you know, immunize you from getting COVID, absolutely, I'm going to take it."
5 was promised a “Yes Day” if he was brave and got his second COVID vaccine. When asked what his first order of business was, he chose to make his dad jump 2 times
When I was about 8 years old I contacted mumps. I had been vaccinated with MMR, and it was so rare to get mumps if vaccinated that my doctor invited all her colleagues to come and see the only case of mumps they were likely to see ever.  Compare that with the covid “vaccine”…
I'm pro Covid vaccine, but I know vaxxed/boosted individuals who had worse Covid symptoms than people who are not vaccinated. They were completely asymptomatic. We just need to accept this fact and analyze individual risk.
why is chloe fineman at a reptile expo today at the same place i got my damn covid vaccine last year i-
1 year ago today I got my first Covid-19 vaccine! Looking back, I can honestly say that the excitement that day, and on the days my family got their vaxes, was comp. to how I felt on the day that my kiddos were each born. Next level happiness, and hopefulness, I need that again.
So, as for the lack of streams. I went to get my second shot of the covid vaccine, eventually i got sick, hit me like a truck going at Sonic The Hedgehog Speed and I feel like i got flattened,  im feeling slightly better, i'll be back in action soon
I was just thinking these mRNA Vaccines we just made for COViD have revolutionized Cancer treatment, and may even lead to a cure faster… So, do we have a list of Anti-VAX people that will be exempted from the Cancer Vaccine when it is ready?