I open the email from a Facebook friend who recently told me they were against getting vaccinated for Covid-19, and scan it instead of reading it. It’s long and filled with rabbit-hole arguments and obscure links. Toward the end, it offensively compares vaccine cards with the yellow stars of the Holocaust. I take a breath and try to remember that perspective, that feeling of being so sure I was right and that almost all of modern science was wrong. I’m often angry at my friend and others like them who refuse to get vaccinated against Covid-19, but then I have to remind myself that I am no better than they are: For several years, I steadfastly refused all childhood vaccinations for my daughter, leaving her unprotected against a dozen or so highly contagious and potentially fatal diseases until second grade. The difference between me and the Covid-19 anti-vaxxers is that I was lucky enough to be an anti-vaxxer when there was no pandemic. If I keep that perspective in mind, then the quiet outreach I’ve been doing to nudge Covid anti-vaxxers to get the shot can feel like a small form of penance. I spend part of most days administering a large Facebook forum that facilitates peer-to-peer support for people with type 1 diabetes and their families. For the past two months, I’ve been regularly posting nudges on the forum to encourage people — especially those who are reluctant — to get the Covid-19 vaccine. These posts have been seen by tens of thousands of people. I also posted an open invitation to my Facebook friends to talk to me if they have concerns about the vaccine. My hope is to reach vaccine skeptics before their beliefs solidify, because it can be near impossible to reach them after that point, a lesson I know from hard experience.
There have been literally over 100 million people that have been vaccinated at this point. So far, there's been a ridiculously low rate of serious side effects. Yes, it's not uncommon for people to have some fatigue or headache after getting the vaccinated, but those side effects are almost never serious enough to warrant hospitalization, and almost never last more than a day or two. On the other hand, a LOT of people have died from Covid. Over 600,000 in the US alone, with an even larger number of hospitalizations, and an even larger number of just people that were really sick for a few weeks. On top of that, there have been a ton of people that have had long-term health issues due to Covid, including breathing issues. So sure, it's technically a 'gamble' to get the vaccine, but it's a 'gamble' in the same way that walking across the street to a pharmacy to get a bandage for a bleeding wound is a 'gamble'. Sure, you miiiighhhtttt get hit by a car on your walk across the street, but it's so much more likely that you bleed out or the wound gets infected and that causes serious problems. And on top of all that, the vaccines also reduce the chance that you spread the virus, which not only protects other people from getting Covid, but also reduces the chances of a more deadly, more contagious, and/or more vaccine-resistant mutation of the virus that kicks off basically a whole new pandemic. And obviously none of us want that.
The covid vaccine might have long term health issues. Covid 100% does. It can cause permanent neurological and lung damage. To maximize the chances of long term survival, taking the covid vaccine is the best option. Covid isn't going away any time soon, new variants emerge every few weeks. Even if you social distance, wear masks and everything else, you stand a pretty good chance of getting it.
Let me preface this by me saying that I am definitely not a professional. For me, I’m going to try a different form of argument than I’m used to but I’ll mainly tell you my experience with the vaccine. I got the vaccine because while I do not entirely trust the vaccine earlier (with reasons similar to you such as how fast it was made), I think that if it lowers my chance and the chance of the people around me of getting ill and potentially passing away then I will get it. I would be heart broken if I knew that I was the cause of a loved one or dear friends’s death. I don’t want to feel that grief, so I will take a minor risk of being a guinea pig after MANY others have taken the vaccine before me with no major negative conditions.
Requiring booster shots isn't abnormal; for example, MMR requires a booster, and of course the flu vaccine needs to be taken annually. Like the flu, COVID-19 keeps mutating, so there's that as well--makes life hard for vaccines. As far as I'm aware, there's no plausible mechanism for a vaccine--any vaccine--to cause long-term effects. All the components are gone from your body within, I've heard, weeks, so there's no way for it to do anything after that. Also, the very first trials started over a year ago, so we can be very confident that there's nothing that shows up within a year. And, after all that, there's the risk comparison. For whatever risks the vaccine may have, are they likely to be worse than COVID-19? I'm healthy and in my 20s, and COVID-19 (last July) had me crushingly lethargic and hanging out at the low 90s blood oxygen for ten days, after which it took about six months for my lungs to get back to normal. A good chunk of healthy young people would be even worse off, never mind if you have relevant risk factors.
The vaccines approved in the US did not take any regulatory shortcuts. The reason they were approved fast is that in the face of a public health emergency, the FDA prioritized them over other work. Normally a lot of the time taken for a drug approval is just waiting for the FDA to actually look at it, because they're overworked. This was skipped. Since the vaccines have already passed the full FDA approvals process, there isn't another level of approval. Instead, there is post-approval monitoring, where adverse events related to the vaccines are reported back to the FDA. With over two hundred million does already given in the US, we now have one of the largest data sets of any drug. So there's nothing more going to happen that you can wait for.
I’m vaccinated in just about every way a standard American citizen would be vaccinated, I get my flu shot every year. Part of me wanted to get the vaccine and be done with it. But part of me thinks, ‘This doesn’t sound like a flu shot.’
Vaccination is the safest way to help you build protection against COVID-19. COVID-19 can have serious, life-threatening complications, and there is no way to know how COVID-19 will affect you. And if you get sick – even if you have no symptoms – you could spread the disease to friends, family, and other vulnerable people around you. The COVID-19 vaccines that have been authorized/approved by the FDA and recommended by the CDC are safe and effective. Even though COVID-19 vaccines were developed more quickly than usual, vaccine safety was – and continues to be – a top priority in all phases of vaccine development (clinical trials), authorization/approval and post-authorization*/post-approval monitoring. While steps to develop the vaccines were streamlined or overlapped, none of them were skipped.
The COVID-19 vaccination will help keep you from getting the virus. COVID-19 vaccines were evaluated in clinical trials and have been approved because those studies show that the vaccine significantly reduces the probability of contracting the virus. Based on what has been proven about vaccines for other diseases, the COVID-19 vaccine may help keep you from getting seriously ill, even if you do get the virus. Getting vaccinated also may protect people around you – particularly those at greater risk for severe illness from COVID-19. Dr. Saag says the true value of the vaccine is more easily seen when we consider what would happen if the development of a vaccine had failed. We would be faced with an exploding pandemic for which there was no end in sight, Dr. Saag says. “It might continue to burn through the population for another two to four years. That’s what we were facing until we were rescued with a modern day miracle. The virus was sequenced in December of 2019, and that genetic sequence was available to the world on January 10 of 2020. After development and expanded clinical trials, we got a vaccine that works.” Dr. Saag compares the rapid development of a safe, highly effective vaccine to both a “home run” and an event that might be seen as divine intervention. “First, scientists developed the strategy and drug quickly,” Dr. Saag says. “Second, the resulting vaccine works at an almost unprecedented level of effectiveness. Third, the side-effect profile is the same as for most vaccines. You may get aches and fever that are gone in 36 hours, on average. So this is a walk-off, grand-slam home run in the last game of the World Series that you rarely witness in medicine. But I also call it a miracle drug, and it’s fitting that we began vaccinations during two religious holidays that celebrate miracles. If this pandemic were a classic Greek stage drama, the audience would see the vaccine as a deus ex machina, because the gods would have rescued us, the main character, from great danger.”
COVID-19 vaccination is an important tool to help stop the pandemic. Stopping a pandemic requires using all the tools we have available. Wearing masks and social distancing help reduce your chance of being exposed to the virus or spreading it to others, but these measures are not enough. Vaccines work with your immune system, so it will be ready to fight the virus if you are exposed. The combination of getting vaccinated and following CDC recommendations to protect yourself and others provides the best protection from COVID-19. Ending the COVID-19 pandemic will halt the growing negative impact the virus is having on education, the economy, health care, and countless other activities of a functioning society. Dr. Saag notes that the public health benefit of the vaccine is the main reason for its use. “This is how we end the pandemic, full stop,” Dr. Saag says. “Once that is done, we can have a normal society again. We can enjoy daily life, family events, work, and school without distancing, without masks, and without fear. We will once again enjoy regular shopping trips and dining out and family vacations without constant worry about the consequences. We can have real holiday activities instead of virtual ones. It’s very simple: We will get our lives back.”
“The Covid vaccine was the only logical choice after really re-evaluating what I believe in, what I actually believe is true,” Danielsen said. Danielsen partly credits her about-face to Lydia Greene and Heather Simpson, the founders of Back to the Vax, a support group for people like themselves: one-time vaccine skeptics who’d had a change of heart. “I want to be able to help stop people from going down that road, having been down it myself,” said Greene, now a nursing student.
In our last article we discussed breakthrough infections, which occur when someone who has been vaccinated gets COVID-19. Breakthrough infections lead a lot of people to ask the question, why should I get vaccinated if I can still get COVID-19? The answer is because if you’re vaccinated you will not get as seriously sick and are less likely to die. In addition, you will help to stop this pandemic. The more people who are infected in a population the higher the prevalence level of the virus and increased risk for everyone. Unvaccinated individuals contribute to the number of people who can possibly get sick and provide a host for COVID-19 to replicate and create more variants. The more the virus spreads, the greater risk of mutation that could possibly be more dangerous than what we’ve seen so far. While vaccinated people can get COVID -19 and can spread it to others, you’re less likely to get COVID-19 if you’re vaccinated, and it spreads less easily in vaccinated people. This is also why it’s important to continue to follow the mandated health safety guidelines laid out by the CDC. Everyone wants to get back to regular life and avoid further isolation. The only way to do that is for the unvaccinated to get vaccinated and for the vaccinated to wear masks and take public health precautions. Typically, when people hear the words “public health” they think of somebody else’s health, but it is your health. COVID-19 is a public health issue. It’s similar to drinking and driving. When you drink and drive you are choosing to put other people’s safety at risk. Its why laws have been set in place to prevent this behavior. Not being vaccinated is choosing to put other people’s health at risk.
